---
page_title: "f5xc_addon_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Subscriptions"
description: |-
  Manages new Addon Subscription with Addon Subscription State in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_addon_subscription (Resource)

Manages new Addon Subscription with Addon Subscription State in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Addon Subscription API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/pbac-addon-subscription) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Addon Subscription Resource Example
# Manages new Addon Subscription with Addon Subscription State in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Addon Subscription configuration
resource "f5xc_addon_subscription" "example" {
  name      = "example-addon-subscription"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  addon_service {
    # Configure addon_service settings
  }
  # Notification Preference. NotificationPreference preferenc...
  notification_preference {
    # Configure notification_preference settings
  }
  # Addon Subscription Associated Emails. Addon Subscription ...
  emails {
    # Configure emails settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the AddonSubscription. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the AddonSubscription will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="addon-service"></a>&#x2022; [`addon_service`](#addon-service) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Addon Service](#addon-service) below for details.

<a id="notification-preference"></a>&#x2022; [`notification_preference`](#notification-preference) - Optional Block<br>Notification Preference. NotificationPreference preference for receiving addon subscription notifications<br>See [Notification Preference](#notification-preference) below for details.

<a id="status"></a>&#x2022; [`status`](#status) - Optional String  Defaults to `SUBSCRIPTION_PENDING`<br>Possible values are `SUBSCRIPTION_PENDING`, `SUBSCRIPTION_ENABLED`, `SUBSCRIPTION_DISABLE_PENDING`, `SUBSCRIPTION_DISABLED`<br>Addon Subscription Type. Represents the different states of an addon subscription. - SUBSCRIPTION_PENDING: Subscription Pending Indicates that the subscription is pending enablement. - SUBSCRIPTION_ENABLED: Subscription Enabled Indicates that the subscription is currently enabled and active. - SUBSCRIPTION_DISABLE_PENDING: Subscription Disable Pending Indicates that the addon disable process is pending. - SUBSCRIPTION_DISABLED: Subscription Disabled Indicates that the addon has been disabled

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Addon Service

An [`addon_service`](#addon-service) block supports the following:

<a id="addon-service-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#addon-service-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="addon-service-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#addon-service-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="addon-service-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#addon-service-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Notification Preference

A [`notification_preference`](#notification-preference) block supports the following:

<a id="notification-preference-emails"></a>&#x2022; [`emails`](#notification-preference-emails) - Optional Block<br>Addon Subscription Associated Emails. Addon Subscription Emails associated with the Addon Subscription<br>See [Emails](#notification-preference-emails) below.

<a id="notification-preference-support-ticket-id"></a>&#x2022; [`support_ticket_id`](#notification-preference-support-ticket-id) - Optional Block<br>Support Ticket ID. SupportTicketId gives the information about ticket created for managed addon subscription<br>See [Support Ticket ID](#notification-preference-support-ticket-id) below.

#### Notification Preference Emails

An [`emails`](#notification-preference-emails) block (within [`notification_preference`](#notification-preference)) supports the following:

<a id="notification-preference-emails-email-ids"></a>&#x2022; [`email_ids`](#notification-preference-emails-email-ids) - Optional List<br>Emails. Email ids associated with the Addon Subscription

#### Notification Preference Support Ticket ID

A [`support_ticket_id`](#notification-preference-support-ticket-id) block (within [`notification_preference`](#notification-preference)) supports the following:

<a id="notification-preference-support-ticket-id-subscription-ticket-id"></a>&#x2022; [`subscription_ticket_id`](#notification-preference-support-ticket-id-subscription-ticket-id) - Optional String<br>Subscription Ticket ID. subscription_ticket_id associated with the Addon Subscription subscription

<a id="notification-preference-support-ticket-id-unsubscription-ticket-id"></a>&#x2022; [`unsubscription_ticket_id`](#notification-preference-support-ticket-id-unsubscription-ticket-id) - Optional String<br>Unsubscription Ticket ID. unsubscription_ticket_id associated with the Addon Subscription unsubscription

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_addon_subscription.example system/example
```
