---
page_title: "f5xc_alert_receiver Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  Manages a AlertReceiver resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for alert notification endpoints.
---

# f5xc_alert_receiver (Resource)

Manages a AlertReceiver resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for alert notification endpoints.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Alert Receiver API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/alert-receiver) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Alert Receiver Resource Example
# Manages a AlertReceiver resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for alert notification endpoints.

# Basic Alert Receiver configuration
resource "f5xc_alert_receiver" "example" {
  name      = "example-alert-receiver"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Alert Receiver configuration
  # Slack configuration
  slack {
    url = "`https://your-slack-webhook-url"`
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the AlertReceiver. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the AlertReceiver will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`email`](#email) - Optional Block<br>Email Configuration<br>See [Email](#email) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`opsgenie`](#opsgenie) - Optional Block<br>OpsGenie Config. OpsGenie configuration to send alert notifications<br>See [Opsgenie](#opsgenie) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`pagerduty`](#pagerduty) - Optional Block<br>PagerDuty Config. PagerDuty configuration to send alert notifications<br>See [Pagerduty](#pagerduty) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`slack`](#slack) - Optional Block<br>Slack Config. Slack configuration to send alert notifications<br>See [Slack](#slack) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`sms`](#sms) - Optional Block<br>SMS Configuration<br>See [Sms](#sms) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`webhook`](#webhook) - Optional Block<br>Webhook Config. Webhook configuration to send alert notifications<br>See [Webhook](#webhook) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Email

An [`email`](#email) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`email`](#email-email) - Optional String<br>Email. Email id of the user

#### Opsgenie

An [`opsgenie`](#opsgenie) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_key`](#opsgenie-api-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [API Key](#opsgenie-api-key) below.

&#x2022; [`url`](#opsgenie-url) - Optional String<br>API URL. URL to send API requests to

#### Opsgenie API Key

An [`api_key`](#opsgenie-api-key) block (within [`opsgenie`](#opsgenie)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#opsgenie-api-key-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#opsgenie-api-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#opsgenie-api-key-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#opsgenie-api-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Opsgenie API Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#opsgenie-api-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`opsgenie.api_key`](#opsgenie-api-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#opsgenie-api-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#opsgenie-api-key-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#opsgenie-api-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Opsgenie API Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#opsgenie-api-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`opsgenie.api_key`](#opsgenie-api-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#opsgenie-api-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#opsgenie-api-key-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Pagerduty

A [`pagerduty`](#pagerduty) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`routing_key`](#pagerduty-routing-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Routing Key](#pagerduty-routing-key) below.

&#x2022; [`url`](#pagerduty-url) - Optional String<br>Pager Duty URL. URL to send API requests to

#### Pagerduty Routing Key

A [`routing_key`](#pagerduty-routing-key) block (within [`pagerduty`](#pagerduty)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#pagerduty-routing-key-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#pagerduty-routing-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#pagerduty-routing-key-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#pagerduty-routing-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Pagerduty Routing Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#pagerduty-routing-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`pagerduty.routing_key`](#pagerduty-routing-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#pagerduty-routing-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#pagerduty-routing-key-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#pagerduty-routing-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Pagerduty Routing Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#pagerduty-routing-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`pagerduty.routing_key`](#pagerduty-routing-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#pagerduty-routing-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#pagerduty-routing-key-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Slack

A [`slack`](#slack) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`channel`](#slack-channel) - Optional String<br>Channel. Channel or user to send notifications to

&#x2022; [`url`](#slack-url) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [URL](#slack-url) below.

#### Slack URL

An [`url`](#slack-url) block (within [`slack`](#slack)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#slack-url-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#slack-url-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#slack-url-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#slack-url-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Slack URL Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#slack-url-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`slack.url`](#slack-url)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#slack-url-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#slack-url-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#slack-url-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Slack URL Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#slack-url-clear-secret-info) block (within [`slack.url`](#slack-url)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#slack-url-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#slack-url-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Sms

A [`sms`](#sms) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`contact_number`](#sms-contact-number) - Optional String<br>Contact Number. Contact number of the user in ITU E.164 format [+]\[country code][subscriber number including area code]

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

#### Webhook

A [`webhook`](#webhook) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`http_config`](#webhook-http-config) - Optional Block<br>HTTP Configuration. Configuration for HTTP endpoint<br>See [HTTP Config](#webhook-http-config) below.

&#x2022; [`url`](#webhook-url) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [URL](#webhook-url) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config

A [`http_config`](#webhook-http-config) block (within [`webhook`](#webhook)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`auth_token`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token) - Optional Block<br>Access Token. Authentication Token for access<br>See [Auth Token](#webhook-http-config-auth-token) below.

&#x2022; [`basic_auth`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth) - Optional Block<br>Basic Authorization Credentials. Authorization parameters to access HTPP alert Receiver Endpoint<br>See [Basic Auth](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth) below.

&#x2022; [`client_cert_obj`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj) - Optional Block<br>Client Certificate Object. Configuration for client certificate<br>See [Client Cert Obj](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj) below.

&#x2022; [`enable_http2`](#webhook-http-config-enable-http2) - Optional Bool<br>Enable HTTP2. Configure to use HTTP2 protocol

&#x2022; [`follow_redirects`](#webhook-http-config-follow-redirects) - Optional Bool<br>Follow Redirects. Configure whether HTTP requests follow HTTP 3xx redirects

&#x2022; [`no_authorization`](#webhook-http-config-no-authorization) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_tls`](#webhook-http-config-no-tls) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`use_tls`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls) - Optional Block<br>TLS Config. Configures the token request's TLS settings<br>See [Use TLS](#webhook-http-config-use-tls) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config Auth Token

An [`auth_token`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token) block (within [`webhook.http_config`](#webhook-http-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`token`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Token](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config Auth Token Token

A [`token`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token) block (within [`webhook.http_config.auth_token`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config Auth Token Token Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`webhook.http_config.auth_token.token`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Webhook HTTP Config Auth Token Token Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-clear-secret-info) block (within [`webhook.http_config.auth_token.token`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#webhook-http-config-auth-token-token-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Webhook HTTP Config Basic Auth

A [`basic_auth`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth) block (within [`webhook.http_config`](#webhook-http-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`password`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password) below.

&#x2022; [`user_name`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-user-name) - Optional String<br>User Name. HTTP Basic Auth User Name

#### Webhook HTTP Config Basic Auth Password

A [`password`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password) block (within [`webhook.http_config.basic_auth`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config Basic Auth Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`webhook.http_config.basic_auth.password`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Webhook HTTP Config Basic Auth Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`webhook.http_config.basic_auth.password`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#webhook-http-config-basic-auth-password-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Webhook HTTP Config Client Cert Obj

A [`client_cert_obj`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj) block (within [`webhook.http_config`](#webhook-http-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`use_tls_obj`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj) - Optional Block<br>Certificate Object. Reference to client certificate object<br>See [Use TLS Obj](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config Client Cert Obj Use TLS Obj

An [`use_tls_obj`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj) block (within [`webhook.http_config.client_cert_obj`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#webhook-http-config-client-cert-obj-use-tls-obj-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Webhook HTTP Config Use TLS

An [`use_tls`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls) block (within [`webhook.http_config`](#webhook-http-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`disable_sni`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-disable-sni) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`max_version`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-max-version) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

&#x2022; [`min_version`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-min-version) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

&#x2022; [`sni`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-sni) - Optional String<br>SNI Value. SNI value to be used

&#x2022; [`use_server_verification`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification) - Optional Block<br>TLS Validation Context for Servers. Upstream TLS Validation Context<br>See [Use Server Verification](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification) below.

&#x2022; [`volterra_trusted_ca`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-volterra-trusted-ca) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Webhook HTTP Config Use TLS Use Server Verification

An [`use_server_verification`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification) block (within [`webhook.http_config.use_tls`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`ca_cert_obj`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj) - Optional Block<br>CA Certificate Object. Configuration for CA certificate<br>See [CA Cert Obj](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config Use TLS Use Server Verification CA Cert Obj

A [`ca_cert_obj`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj) block (within [`webhook.http_config.use_tls.use_server_verification`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`trusted_ca`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca) - Optional Block<br>Certificate Object. Reference to client certificate object<br>See [Trusted CA](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca) below.

#### Webhook HTTP Config Use TLS Use Server Verification CA Cert Obj Trusted CA

A [`trusted_ca`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca) block (within [`webhook.http_config.use_tls.use_server_verification.ca_cert_obj`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#webhook-http-config-use-tls-use-server-verification-ca-cert-obj-trusted-ca-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Webhook URL

An [`url`](#webhook-url) block (within [`webhook`](#webhook)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#webhook-url-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#webhook-url-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#webhook-url-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#webhook-url-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Webhook URL Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#webhook-url-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`webhook.url`](#webhook-url)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#webhook-url-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#webhook-url-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#webhook-url-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Webhook URL Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#webhook-url-clear-secret-info) block (within [`webhook.url`](#webhook-url)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#webhook-url-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#webhook-url-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_alert_receiver.example system/example
```
