---
page_title: "f5xc_alert_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a AlertPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for alerting rules and notification policies.
---

# f5xc_alert_policy (Resource)

Manages a AlertPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for alerting rules and notification policies.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Alert Policy Resource Example
# Manages a AlertPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for alerting rules and notification policies.

# Basic Alert Policy configuration
resource "f5xc_alert_policy" "example" {
  name      = "example-alert-policy"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Alert Policy configuration
  # Alert receivers
  receivers {
    name      = "slack-receiver"
    namespace = "system"
  }

  # Alert routes
  routes {
    any {}
    send {}
  }

  # Notification parameters
  notification_parameters {
    default {}
    group_wait     = "30s"
    group_interval = "1m"
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the AlertPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the AlertPolicy will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `notification_parameters` (Block, Optional) Notification Parameters. Set of notification parameters to decide how and when the alert notifications should be sent to the receivers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_parameters))
- `receivers` (Block List) Alert Receivers. list of Alert Receivers where the alerts will be sent (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--receivers))
- `routes` (Block List) Policy Rules. Set of routes to match the incoming alert. The routes are evaluated in the specified order and terminates on the first match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--notification_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_parameters`

Optional:

- `custom` (Block, Optional) Custom Group By. Specify list of custom labels to group/aggregate the alerts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_parameters--custom))
- `default` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_parameters--default))
- `group_interval` (String) Notify Interval for a Group. Group Interval is used to specify how long to wait before sending a notification about new alerts that are added to the group for which an initial notification has already been sent. Format: [0-9][smhd], where s - seconds, m - minutes, h - hours, d - days If not specified, group_interval defaults to '1m'
- `group_wait` (String) Wait to Notify. Time value used to specify how long to initially wait for an inhibiting alert to arrive or collect more alerts for the same group. Format: [0-9][smhd], where s - seconds, m - minutes, h - hours, d - days If not specified, group_wait defaults to '30s'
- `individual` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_parameters--individual))
- `repeat_interval` (String) Notify Interval For a Alert. Repeat Interval is used to specify how long to wait before sending a notification again if it has already been sent successfully. Format: [0-9][smhd], where s - seconds, m - minutes, h - hours, d - days If not specified, group_interval defaults to '4h'
- `ves_io_group` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_parameters--ves_io_group))

<a id="nestedblock--notification_parameters--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_parameters.custom`

Optional:

- `labels` (List of String) Labels. Name of labels to group/aggregate the alerts


<a id="nestedblock--notification_parameters--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_parameters.default`


<a id="nestedblock--notification_parameters--individual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_parameters.individual`


<a id="nestedblock--notification_parameters--ves_io_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_parameters.ves_io_group`



<a id="nestedblock--receivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `receivers`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')
- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.
- `uid` (String) UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid.


<a id="nestedblock--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Optional:

- `alertname` (String) AlertName. List of Alert Names Customer tunnel interface down Physical Interface down Tunnel Interfaces to Customer Site Down Virutal Host server error Virtual Host client error Service Health Low Service Unavailable Virtual Host server error Virtual Host client error Endpoint Healthcheck failure Synthetic monitor health critical Malicious user detected Virtual Host WAF security events detected Virtual Host API security events detected Virtual Host Service Policy security events detected Virt... Possible values include `SITE_CUSTOMER_TUNNEL_INTERFACE_DOWN`, `SITE_PHYSICAL_INTERFACE_DOWN`, `TUNNELS_TO_CUSTOMER_SITE_DOWN`, `SERVICE_SERVER_ERROR`, `SERVICE_CLIENT_ERROR`, `SERVICE_HEALTH_LOW`, `SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE`, `SERVICE_SERVER_ERROR_PER_SOURCE_SITE`, `SERVICE_CLIENT_ERROR_PER_SOURCE_SITE`, `SERVICE_ENDPOINT_HEALTHCHECK_FAILURE`, and others.
- `alertname_regex` (String) Matching RegEx of Alertname. Regular Expression match for the alertname
- `any` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--any))
- `custom` (Block, Optional) Custom Matcher. A set of matchers an alert has to fulfill to match the route (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--custom))
- `dont_send` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--dont_send))
- `group` (Block, Optional) Group Matcher. Select one or more known group names to match the incoming alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--group))
- `notification_parameters` (Block, Optional) Notification Parameters. Set of notification parameters to decide how and when the alert notifications should be sent to the receivers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters))
- `send` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--send))
- `severity` (Block, Optional) Severity Matcher. Select one or more severity levels to match the incoming alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--severity))

<a id="nestedblock--routes--any"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.any`


<a id="nestedblock--routes--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.custom`

Optional:

- `alertlabel` (Block, Optional) AlertLabel. AlertLabel to configure the alert policy rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--custom--alertlabel))
- `alertname` (Block, Optional) Label Matcher. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--custom--alertname))
- `group` (Block, Optional) Label Matcher. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--custom--group))
- `severity` (Block, Optional) Label Matcher. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--custom--severity))

<a id="nestedblock--routes--custom--alertlabel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.custom.alertlabel`


<a id="nestedblock--routes--custom--alertname"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.custom.alertname`

Optional:

- `exact_match` (String) Exact Match. Equality match value for the label
- `regex_match` (String) RegEx Match. Regular expression match value for the label


<a id="nestedblock--routes--custom--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.custom.group`

Optional:

- `exact_match` (String) Exact Match. Equality match value for the label
- `regex_match` (String) RegEx Match. Regular expression match value for the label


<a id="nestedblock--routes--custom--severity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.custom.severity`

Optional:

- `exact_match` (String) Exact Match. Equality match value for the label
- `regex_match` (String) RegEx Match. Regular expression match value for the label



<a id="nestedblock--routes--dont_send"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.dont_send`


<a id="nestedblock--routes--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.group`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) Groups. Name of groups to match the alert


<a id="nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.notification_parameters`

Optional:

- `custom` (Block, Optional) Custom Group By. Specify list of custom labels to group/aggregate the alerts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--custom))
- `default` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--default))
- `group_interval` (String) Notify Interval for a Group. Group Interval is used to specify how long to wait before sending a notification about new alerts that are added to the group for which an initial notification has already been sent. Format: [0-9][smhd], where s - seconds, m - minutes, h - hours, d - days If not specified, group_interval defaults to '1m'
- `group_wait` (String) Wait to Notify. Time value used to specify how long to initially wait for an inhibiting alert to arrive or collect more alerts for the same group. Format: [0-9][smhd], where s - seconds, m - minutes, h - hours, d - days If not specified, group_wait defaults to '30s'
- `individual` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--individual))
- `repeat_interval` (String) Notify Interval For a Alert. Repeat Interval is used to specify how long to wait before sending a notification again if it has already been sent successfully. Format: [0-9][smhd], where s - seconds, m - minutes, h - hours, d - days If not specified, group_interval defaults to '4h'
- `ves_io_group` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--ves_io_group))

<a id="nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.notification_parameters.custom`

Optional:

- `labels` (List of String) Labels. Name of labels to group/aggregate the alerts


<a id="nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.notification_parameters.default`


<a id="nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--individual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.notification_parameters.individual`


<a id="nestedblock--routes--notification_parameters--ves_io_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.notification_parameters.ves_io_group`



<a id="nestedblock--routes--send"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.send`


<a id="nestedblock--routes--severity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.severity`

Optional:

- `severities` (List of String) Severities. List of severity levels



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_alert_policy.example system/example
```
