---
page_title: "f5xc_allowed_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Organization"
description: |-
  Manages allowed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_allowed_tenant (Resource)

Manages allowed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Allowed Tenant API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/tenant-management-allowed-tenant) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Allowed Tenant Resource Example
# Manages allowed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Allowed Tenant configuration
resource "f5xc_allowed_tenant" "example" {
  name      = "example-allowed-tenant"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Allowed Groups. List of references to allowed user_group ...
  allowed_groups {
    # Configure allowed_groups settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the AllowedTenant. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the AllowedTenant will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`allowed_groups`](#allowed-groups) - Optional Block<br>Allowed Groups. List of references to allowed user_group objects for access in to tenant. Admin can use this to control API access by users from from original tenant into an allowed tenant. User access from original tenant into an allowed tenant will be associated to underlying roles in this user_group<br>See [Allowed Groups](#allowed-groups) below for details.

&#x2022; [`tenant_id`](#tenant-id) - Optional String<br>Allowed Tenant ID. Specify the Tenant ID of the Original Tenant which is allowed to manage. NOTE: this is the name of the tenant configuration obj. not UID

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="allowed-groups"></a>

**Allowed Groups**

An [`allowed_groups`](#allowed-groups) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_allowed_tenant.example system/example
```
