---
page_title: "f5xc_api_testing Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "API Security"
description: |-
  [Category: API Security] [Namespace: required] Manages a API Testing resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_api_testing (Resource)

[Category: API Security] [Namespace: required] Manages a API Testing resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [API Testing API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/api-sec-api-testing) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# API Testing Resource Example
# [Category: API Security] [Namespace: required] Manages a API Testing resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic API Testing configuration
resource "f5xc_api_testing" "example" {
  name      = "example-api-testing"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Testing Environments. Add and configure testing domains a...
  domains {
    # Configure domains settings
  }
  # Credentials. Add credentials for API testing to use in th...
  credentials {
    # Configure credentials settings
  }
  # Enable this option
  admin {
    # Configure admin settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the API Testing. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the API Testing will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="custom-header-value"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_header_value`](#custom-header-value) - Optional String<br>Custom Header. Add x-f5-API-testing-identifier header value to prevent security flags on API testing traffic

<a id="domains"></a>&#x2022; [`domains`](#domains) - Optional Block<br>Testing Environments. Add and configure testing domains and credentials<br>See [Domains](#domains) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="every-day"></a>[`every_day`](#every-day) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="every-month"></a>[`every_month`](#every-month) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="every-week"></a>[`every_week`](#every-week) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Domains

A [`domains`](#domains) block supports the following:

<a id="domains-allow-destructive-methods"></a>&#x2022; [`allow_destructive_methods`](#domains-allow-destructive-methods) - Optional Bool<br>Run API tests for destructive methods (e.g., DELETE, PUT). Enable to allow API test to execute destructive methods. Be cautious as these can alter or delete data

<a id="domains-credentials"></a>&#x2022; [`credentials`](#domains-credentials) - Optional Block<br>Credentials. Add credentials for API testing to use in the selected environment<br>See [Credentials](#domains-credentials) below.

<a id="domains-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`domain`](#domains-domain) - Optional String<br>Domain. Add your testing environment domain. Be aware that running tests on a production domain can impact live applications, as API testing cannot distinguish between production and testing environments

#### Domains Credentials

A [`credentials`](#domains-credentials) block (within [`domains`](#domains)) supports the following:

<a id="domains-credentials-admin"></a>&#x2022; [`admin`](#domains-credentials-admin) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="domains-credentials-api-key"></a>&#x2022; [`api_key`](#domains-credentials-api-key) - Optional Block<br>API Key<br>See [API Key](#domains-credentials-api-key) below.

<a id="domains-credentials-basic-auth"></a>&#x2022; [`basic_auth`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth) - Optional Block<br>Basic Authentication<br>See [Basic Auth](#domains-credentials-basic-auth) below.

<a id="domains-credentials-bearer-token"></a>&#x2022; [`bearer_token`](#domains-credentials-bearer-token) - Optional Block<br>Bearer<br>See [Bearer Token](#domains-credentials-bearer-token) below.

<a id="domains-credentials-credential-name"></a>&#x2022; [`credential_name`](#domains-credentials-credential-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Enter a unique name for the credentials used in API testing

<a id="domains-credentials-login-endpoint"></a>&#x2022; [`login_endpoint`](#domains-credentials-login-endpoint) - Optional Block<br>Login Endpoint<br>See [Login Endpoint](#domains-credentials-login-endpoint) below.

<a id="domains-credentials-standard"></a>&#x2022; [`standard`](#domains-credentials-standard) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Domains Credentials API Key

An [`api_key`](#domains-credentials-api-key) block (within [`domains.credentials`](#domains-credentials)) supports the following:

<a id="domains-credentials-api-key-key"></a>&#x2022; [`key`](#domains-credentials-api-key-key) - Optional String<br>Key

<a id="domains-credentials-api-key-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#domains-credentials-api-key-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Value](#domains-credentials-api-key-value) below.

#### Domains Credentials API Key Value

A [`value`](#domains-credentials-api-key-value) block (within [`domains.credentials.api_key`](#domains-credentials-api-key)) supports the following:

<a id="info-bf6763"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-bf6763) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-bf6763) below.

<a id="info-b50323"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-b50323) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-b50323) below.

#### Domains Credentials API Key Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-bf6763) block (within [`domains.credentials.api_key.value`](#domains-credentials-api-key-value)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-17b3d8"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-17b3d8) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-a47376"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-a47376) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-599922"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-599922) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Domains Credentials API Key Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-b50323) block (within [`domains.credentials.api_key.value`](#domains-credentials-api-key-value)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-fe7d7a"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-fe7d7a) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-e221bd"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-e221bd) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Domains Credentials Basic Auth

A [`basic_auth`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth) block (within [`domains.credentials`](#domains-credentials)) supports the following:

<a id="domains-credentials-basic-auth-password"></a>&#x2022; [`password`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth-password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#domains-credentials-basic-auth-password) below.

<a id="domains-credentials-basic-auth-user"></a>&#x2022; [`user`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth-user) - Optional String<br>User

#### Domains Credentials Basic Auth Password

A [`password`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth-password) block (within [`domains.credentials.basic_auth`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth)) supports the following:

<a id="info-8ba200"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-8ba200) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-8ba200) below.

<a id="info-1c1b32"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-1c1b32) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-1c1b32) below.

#### Domains Credentials Basic Auth Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-8ba200) block (within [`domains.credentials.basic_auth.password`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth-password)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-016603"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-016603) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-6685d8"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-6685d8) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-26b643"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-26b643) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Domains Credentials Basic Auth Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-1c1b32) block (within [`domains.credentials.basic_auth.password`](#domains-credentials-basic-auth-password)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-2f9dbc"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-2f9dbc) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-4e453d"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-4e453d) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Domains Credentials Bearer Token

A [`bearer_token`](#domains-credentials-bearer-token) block (within [`domains.credentials`](#domains-credentials)) supports the following:

<a id="domains-credentials-bearer-token-token"></a>&#x2022; [`token`](#domains-credentials-bearer-token-token) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Token](#domains-credentials-bearer-token-token) below.

#### Domains Credentials Bearer Token Token

A [`token`](#domains-credentials-bearer-token-token) block (within [`domains.credentials.bearer_token`](#domains-credentials-bearer-token)) supports the following:

<a id="info-961400"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-961400) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-961400) below.

<a id="info-35b8eb"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-35b8eb) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-35b8eb) below.

#### Domains Credentials Bearer Token Token Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-961400) block (within [`domains.credentials.bearer_token.token`](#domains-credentials-bearer-token-token)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-a2e692"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-a2e692) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-fe2993"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-fe2993) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-7eb3c2"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-7eb3c2) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Domains Credentials Bearer Token Token Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-35b8eb) block (within [`domains.credentials.bearer_token.token`](#domains-credentials-bearer-token-token)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-c6a5d7"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-c6a5d7) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-df9487"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-df9487) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Domains Credentials Login Endpoint

A [`login_endpoint`](#domains-credentials-login-endpoint) block (within [`domains.credentials`](#domains-credentials)) supports the following:

<a id="payload-c266f9"></a>&#x2022; [`json_payload`](#payload-c266f9) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [JSON Payload](#payload-c266f9) below.

<a id="method-967184"></a>&#x2022; [`method`](#method-967184) - Optional String  Defaults to `ANY`<br>Possible values are `ANY`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`, `COPY`<br>[Enum: ANY|GET|HEAD|POST|PUT|DELETE|CONNECT|OPTIONS|TRACE|PATCH|COPY] HTTP Method. Specifies the HTTP method used to access a resource. Any HTTP Method

<a id="domains-credentials-login-endpoint-path"></a>&#x2022; [`path`](#domains-credentials-login-endpoint-path) - Optional String<br>Path

<a id="key-72a8fa"></a>&#x2022; [`token_response_key`](#key-72a8fa) - Optional String<br>Token Response Key

#### Domains Credentials Login Endpoint JSON Payload

A [`json_payload`](#payload-c266f9) block (within [`domains.credentials.login_endpoint`](#domains-credentials-login-endpoint)) supports the following:

<a id="info-a09a15"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-a09a15) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-a09a15) below.

<a id="info-cd9709"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-cd9709) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-cd9709) below.

#### Domains Credentials Login Endpoint JSON Payload Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-a09a15) block (within [`domains.credentials.login_endpoint.json_payload`](#payload-c266f9)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-974037"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-974037) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-7ba862"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-7ba862) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-d6f842"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-d6f842) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Domains Credentials Login Endpoint JSON Payload Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-cd9709) block (within [`domains.credentials.login_endpoint.json_payload`](#payload-c266f9)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-a3e0e0"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-a3e0e0) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-ebaa63"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-ebaa63) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_api_testing.example system/example
```
