---
page_title: "f5xc_api_crawler Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "API Security"
description: |-
  Manages a APICrawler resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_api_crawler (Resource)

Manages a APICrawler resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [API Crawler API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/api-sec-api-crawler) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# API Crawler Resource Example
# Manages a APICrawler resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic API Crawler configuration
resource "f5xc_api_crawler" "example" {
  name      = "example-api-crawler"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # API Crawler. API Crawler Configuration
  domains {
    # Configure domains settings
  }
  # Simple Login.
  simple_login {
    # Configure simple_login settings
  }
  # Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sen...
  password {
    # Configure password settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the APICrawler. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the APICrawler will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`domains`](#domains) - Optional Block<br>API Crawler. API Crawler Configuration<br>See [Domains](#domains) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="domains"></a>

#### Domains

A [`domains`](#domains) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`domain`](#domain) - Optional String<br>Domains to Crawl. Select the domain to execute API Crawling with given credentials

&#x2022; [`simple_login`](#simple-login) - Optional Block<br>Simple Login<br>See [Simple Login](#domains-simple-login) below.

<a id="domains-simple-login"></a>

#### Simple Login

A [`simple_login`](#domains-simple-login) block (within [`domains`](#domains)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`password`](#password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#domains-simple-login-password) below.

&#x2022; [`user`](#user) - Optional String<br>User. Enter the username to assign credentials for the selected domain to crawl

<a id="domains-simple-login-password"></a>

#### Password

A [`password`](#domains-simple-login-password) block (within [`domains.simple_login`](#domains-simple-login)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#domains-simple-login-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#domains-simple-login-password-clear-secret-info) below.

<a id="domains-simple-login-password-blindfold-secret-info"></a>

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#domains-simple-login-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`domains.simple_login.password`](#domains-simple-login-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="domains-simple-login-password-clear-secret-info"></a>

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#domains-simple-login-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`domains.simple_login.password`](#domains-simple-login-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

<a id="timeouts"></a>

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_api_crawler.example system/example
```
