---
page_title: "f5xc\_api\_definition Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "API Security"
description: |-
  Manages a APIDefinition resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for x-required create api definition. configuration.
---

# f5xc\_api\_definition (Resource)

Manages a APIDefinition resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for x-required create api definition. configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [API Definition API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/views-api-definition) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# API Definition Resource Example
# Manages a APIDefinition resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for x-required create api definition. configuration.

# Basic API Definition configuration
resource "f5xc\_api\_definition" "example" {
  name      = "example-api-definition"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # API Definition configuration
  # OpenAPI spec
  swagger_specs = ["string:///base64-openapi-spec"]

  # Non-validation mode
  non\_validation\_mode {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the APIDefinition. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the APIDefinition will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="api-inventory-exclusion-list"></a>&#x2022; [`api\_inventory_exclusion\_list`](#api-inventory-exclusion-list) - Optional Block<br>API Inventory Exclusion List. List of API Endpoints excluded from the API Inventory<br>See [API Inventory Exclusion List](#api-inventory-exclusion-list) below for details.

<a id="api-inventory-inclusion-list"></a>&#x2022; [`api\_inventory_inclusion\_list`](#api-inventory-inclusion-list) - Optional Block<br>API Inventory Inclusion List. List of API Endpoints included in the API Inventory. Typically, discovered API endpoints are added to the API Inventory using this list<br>See [API Inventory Inclusion List](#api-inventory-inclusion-list) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="mixed-schema-origin"></a>[`mixed\_schema\_origin`](#mixed-schema-origin) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="strict-schema-origin"></a>[`strict\_schema\_origin`](#strict-schema-origin) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="non-api-endpoints"></a>&#x2022; [`non\_api\_endpoints`](#non-api-endpoints) - Optional Block<br>API Discovery Exclusion List. List of Non-API Endpoints<br>See [Non API Endpoints](#non-api-endpoints) below for details.

<a id="swagger-specs"></a>&#x2022; [`swagger_specs`](#swagger-specs) - Optional List<br>File Path. Define your application API by single or multiple OpenAPI files. 1. Upload your OpenAPI files via Web App & API Protection-> Files-> Swagger Files. 2. Select from the list of uploaded files. Notice file versions. If OpenAPI file is updated, need to select a new version here to redefine the API

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### API Inventory Exclusion List

An [`api\_inventory_exclusion\_list`](#api-inventory-exclusion-list) block supports the following:

<a id="api-inventory-exclusion-list-method"></a>&#x2022; [`method`](#api-inventory-exclusion-list-method) - Optional String  Defaults to `ANY`<br>Possible values are `ANY`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`, `COPY`<br>HTTP Method. Specifies the HTTP method used to access a resource. Any HTTP Method

<a id="api-inventory-exclusion-list-path"></a>&#x2022; [`path`](#api-inventory-exclusion-list-path) - Optional String<br>Path. An endpoint path, as specified in OpenAPI, including parameters. The path should comply with RFC 3986 and may have parameters according to OpenAPI specification

#### API Inventory Inclusion List

An [`api\_inventory_inclusion\_list`](#api-inventory-inclusion-list) block supports the following:

<a id="api-inventory-inclusion-list-method"></a>&#x2022; [`method`](#api-inventory-inclusion-list-method) - Optional String  Defaults to `ANY`<br>Possible values are `ANY`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`, `COPY`<br>HTTP Method. Specifies the HTTP method used to access a resource. Any HTTP Method

<a id="api-inventory-inclusion-list-path"></a>&#x2022; [`path`](#api-inventory-inclusion-list-path) - Optional String<br>Path. An endpoint path, as specified in OpenAPI, including parameters. The path should comply with RFC 3986 and may have parameters according to OpenAPI specification

#### Non API Endpoints

A [`non\_api\_endpoints`](#non-api-endpoints) block supports the following:

<a id="non-api-endpoints-method"></a>&#x2022; [`method`](#non-api-endpoints-method) - Optional String  Defaults to `ANY`<br>Possible values are `ANY`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`, `COPY`<br>HTTP Method. Specifies the HTTP method used to access a resource. Any HTTP Method

<a id="non-api-endpoints-path"></a>&#x2022; [`path`](#non-api-endpoints-path) - Optional String<br>Path. An endpoint path, as specified in OpenAPI, including parameters. The path should comply with RFC 3986 and may have parameters according to OpenAPI specification

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc\_api\_definition.example system/example
```
