---
page_title: "f5xc_apm Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  [Namespace: required] Manages new APM as a service with configured parameters in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_apm (Resource)

[Namespace: required] Manages new APM as a service with configured parameters in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [APM API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/bigip-apm) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# APM Resource Example
# [Namespace: required] Manages new APM as a service with configured parameters in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic APM configuration
resource "f5xc_apm" "example" {
  name      = "example-apm"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: aws_site_type_choice, baremetal_site_type_choice]...
  aws_site_type_choice {
    # Configure aws_site_type_choice settings
  }
  # Virtual F5 BIG-IP APM configuration on AWS TGW Site. Virt...
  apm_aws_site {
    # Configure apm_aws_site settings
  }
  # Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sen...
  admin_password {
    # Configure admin_password settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the APM. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the APM will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="aws-site-type-choice"></a>[`aws_site_type_choice`](#aws-site-type-choice) - Optional Block<br>AWS Transit Gateway Site choice. Virtual F5 BIG-IP APM service to be deployed as external service on AWS Transit Gateway Site<br>See [AWS Site Type Choice](#aws-site-type-choice) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="baremetal-site-type-choice"></a>[`baremetal_site_type_choice`](#baremetal-site-type-choice) - Optional Block<br>Virtual BIG-IP on App Stack Bare Metal Site. Virtual BIG-IP specification for App Stack Bare Metal Site<br>See [Baremetal Site Type Choice](#baremetal-site-type-choice) below for details.

<a id="https-management"></a>&#x2022; [`https_management`](#https-management) - Optional Block<br>HTTPS based management. HTTPS based configuration<br>See [HTTPS Management](#https-management) below for details.

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### AWS Site Type Choice

An [`aws_site_type_choice`](#aws-site-type-choice) block supports the following:

<a id="aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site"></a>&#x2022; [`apm_aws_site`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site) - Optional Block<br>Virtual F5 BIG-IP APM configuration on AWS TGW Site. Virtual F5 BIG-IP configuration for AWS TGW Site using BIG-IP APM service<br>See [APM AWS Site](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site) below.

<a id="aws-site-type-choice-market-place-image"></a>&#x2022; [`market_place_image`](#aws-site-type-choice-market-place-image) - Optional Block<br>BIG-IP AWS Marketplace Image. Select the flavor of BIG-IP AWS Marketplace to launch the instance on AWS TGW Site<br>See [Market Place Image](#aws-site-type-choice-market-place-image) below.

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site

An [`apm_aws_site`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice`](#aws-site-type-choice)) supports the following:

<a id="password-cf5632"></a>&#x2022; [`admin_password`](#password-cf5632) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Admin Password](#password-cf5632) below.

<a id="username-360b70"></a>&#x2022; [`admin_username`](#username-360b70) - Optional String<br>Admin Username. Admin Username for BIG-IP

<a id="site-bbb128"></a>&#x2022; [`aws_tgw_site`](#site-bbb128) - Optional Block<br>BIG-IP AWS TGW Site. BIG-IP AWS TGW site specification<br>See [AWS TGW Site](#site-bbb128) below.

<a id="service-8fe23c"></a>&#x2022; [`endpoint_service`](#service-8fe23c) - Optional Block<br>Endpoint Service. Endpoint Service is a type of service where the packets are destined to BIG-IP APM device and service modifies the destination with a new destination address<br>See [Endpoint Service](#service-8fe23c) below.

<a id="aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site-nodes"></a>&#x2022; [`nodes`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site-nodes) - Optional Block<br>Service Nodes. Specify how and where the service nodes are spawned<br>See [Nodes](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site-nodes) below.

<a id="key-4e6dae"></a>&#x2022; [`ssh_key`](#key-4e6dae) - Optional String<br>Public SSH key. Public SSH key for accessing the BIG-IP nodes

<a id="aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site-tags"></a>&#x2022; [`tags`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site-tags) - Optional Block<br>AWS Tags. AWS Tags is a label consisting of a user-defined key and value. It helps to manage, identify, organize, search for, and filter resources in AWS console

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Admin Password

An [`admin_password`](#password-cf5632) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site)) supports the following:

<a id="info-60b371"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-60b371) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-60b371) below.

<a id="info-a13599"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-a13599) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-a13599) below.

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Admin Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-60b371) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site.admin_password`](#password-cf5632)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-89288f"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-89288f) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-06e5de"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-06e5de) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-e63bce"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-e63bce) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Admin Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-a13599) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site.admin_password`](#password-cf5632)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-b1dd81"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-b1dd81) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-31b4e4"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-31b4e4) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site AWS TGW Site

An [`aws_tgw_site`](#site-bbb128) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site)) supports the following:

<a id="site-e5d82e"></a>&#x2022; [`aws_tgw_site`](#site-e5d82e) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [AWS TGW Site](#site-e5d82e) below.

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site AWS TGW Site AWS TGW Site

An [`aws_tgw_site`](#site-e5d82e) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site.aws_tgw_site`](#site-bbb128)) supports the following:

<a id="name-ed2396"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-ed2396) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-20e2a1"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-20e2a1) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-f6912c"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-f6912c) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Endpoint Service

An [`endpoint_service`](#service-8fe23c) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site)) supports the following:

<a id="slo-ip-622624"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_slo_ip`](#slo-ip-622624) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="external-61b9da"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_slo_ip_external`](#external-61b9da) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="vip-4ea744"></a>&#x2022; [`automatic_vip`](#vip-4ea744) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="vip-4dcfed"></a>&#x2022; [`configured_vip`](#vip-4dcfed) - Optional String<br>Configured VIP. Enter IP address for the default VIP

<a id="ports-79b68c"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_tcp_ports`](#ports-79b68c) - Optional Block<br>Port Range List. List of port ranges<br>See [Custom TCP Ports](#ports-79b68c) below.

<a id="ports-1edf2b"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_udp_ports`](#ports-1edf2b) - Optional Block<br>Port Range List. List of port ranges<br>See [Custom UDP Ports](#ports-1edf2b) below.

<a id="ports-2dd037"></a>&#x2022; [`default_tcp_ports`](#ports-2dd037) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="slo-ip-b205a0"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_advertise_on_slo_ip`](#slo-ip-b205a0) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="port-591bc4"></a>&#x2022; [`http_port`](#port-591bc4) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="port-517e0a"></a>&#x2022; [`https_port`](#port-517e0a) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="ports-fec4a7"></a>&#x2022; [`no_tcp_ports`](#ports-fec4a7) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="ports-9f3544"></a>&#x2022; [`no_udp_ports`](#ports-9f3544) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Endpoint Service Custom TCP Ports

A [`custom_tcp_ports`](#ports-79b68c) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site.endpoint_service`](#service-8fe23c)) supports the following:

<a id="ports-f94962"></a>&#x2022; [`ports`](#ports-f94962) - Optional List<br>Port Ranges. List of port ranges. Each range is a single port or a pair of start and end ports e.g. 8080-8192

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Endpoint Service Custom UDP Ports

A [`custom_udp_ports`](#ports-1edf2b) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site.endpoint_service`](#service-8fe23c)) supports the following:

<a id="ports-fe7f51"></a>&#x2022; [`ports`](#ports-fe7f51) - Optional List<br>Port Ranges. List of port ranges. Each range is a single port or a pair of start and end ports e.g. 8080-8192

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Nodes

A [`nodes`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site-nodes) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site)) supports the following:

<a id="prefix-aacce8"></a>&#x2022; [`automatic_prefix`](#prefix-aacce8) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="name-2b7871"></a>&#x2022; [`aws_az_name`](#name-2b7871) - Optional String<br>AWS AZ Name. The AWS Availability Zone must be consistent with the AWS Region chosen. Please select an AZ in the same Region as your TGW Site

<a id="subnet-7d1f57"></a>&#x2022; [`mgmt_subnet`](#subnet-7d1f57) - Optional Block<br>AWS Subnet. Parameters for AWS subnet<br>See [Mgmt Subnet](#subnet-7d1f57) below.

<a id="name-d6e2fd"></a>&#x2022; [`node_name`](#name-d6e2fd) - Optional String<br>Node Name. Node Name will be used to assign as hostname to the service

<a id="subnet-1ec977"></a>&#x2022; [`reserved_mgmt_subnet`](#subnet-1ec977) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="prefix-9f93cf"></a>&#x2022; [`tunnel_prefix`](#prefix-9f93cf) - Optional String<br>Tunnel IP Prefix. Enter IP prefix for the tunnel, it has to be /30

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Nodes Mgmt Subnet

A [`mgmt_subnet`](#subnet-7d1f57) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site.nodes`](#aws-site-type-choice-apm-aws-site-nodes)) supports the following:

<a id="subnet-id-163629"></a>&#x2022; [`existing_subnet_id`](#subnet-id-163629) - Optional String<br>Existing Subnet ID. Information about existing subnet ID

<a id="param-2694e6"></a>&#x2022; [`subnet_param`](#param-2694e6) - Optional Block<br>New Cloud Subnet Parameters. Parameters for creating a new cloud subnet<br>See [Subnet Param](#param-2694e6) below.

#### AWS Site Type Choice APM AWS Site Nodes Mgmt Subnet Subnet Param

A [`subnet_param`](#param-2694e6) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice.apm_aws_site.nodes.mgmt_subnet`](#subnet-7d1f57)) supports the following:

<a id="ipv4-a87d6e"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv4`](#ipv4-a87d6e) - Optional String<br>IPv4 Subnet. IPv4 subnet prefix for this subnet

#### AWS Site Type Choice Market Place Image

A [`market_place_image`](#aws-site-type-choice-market-place-image) block (within [`aws_site_type_choice`](#aws-site-type-choice)) supports the following:

<a id="mbps-34ab41"></a>&#x2022; [`best_plus_pay_g200_mbps`](#mbps-34ab41) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="1gbps-f0a9c0"></a>&#x2022; [`best_plus_payg_1gbps`](#1gbps-f0a9c0) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice

A [`baremetal_site_type_choice`](#baremetal-site-type-choice) block supports the following:

<a id="site-61bcd2"></a>&#x2022; [`f5_bare_metal_site`](#site-61bcd2) - Optional Block<br>Virtual BIG-IP on App Stack bare metal. Virtual BIG-IP specification for App Stack bare metal<br>See [F5 Bare Metal Site](#site-61bcd2) below.

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site

A [`f5_bare_metal_site`](#site-61bcd2) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice`](#baremetal-site-type-choice)) supports the following:

<a id="password-7a55a1"></a>&#x2022; [`admin_password`](#password-7a55a1) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Admin Password](#password-7a55a1) below.

<a id="username-f77a06"></a>&#x2022; [`admin_username`](#username-f77a06) - Optional String<br>Admin Username. Admin Username for BIG-IP

<a id="site-12d7d5"></a>&#x2022; [`bare_metal_site`](#site-12d7d5) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Bare Metal Site](#site-12d7d5) below.

<a id="instance-036acc"></a>&#x2022; [`bigiq_instance`](#instance-036acc) - Optional Block<br>License Server Details. Specification for BIG-IQ Instance, where and what<br>See [Bigiq Instance](#instance-036acc) below.

<a id="nodes-d13441"></a>&#x2022; [`nodes`](#nodes-d13441) - Optional Block<br>Service Nodes. Specify how and where the service nodes are spawned<br>See [Nodes](#nodes-d13441) below.

<a id="url-df9cd5"></a>&#x2022; [`public_download_url`](#url-df9cd5) - Optional String<br>Image URL. Public URL where BIG-IP VE image (qcow2) is hosted

<a id="key-e678b6"></a>&#x2022; [`ssh_key`](#key-e678b6) - Optional String<br>Public SSH key. Public SSH key for accessing the BIG-IP nodes

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Admin Password

An [`admin_password`](#password-7a55a1) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site`](#site-61bcd2)) supports the following:

<a id="info-129af5"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-129af5) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-129af5) below.

<a id="info-5d1498"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-5d1498) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-5d1498) below.

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Admin Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-129af5) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.admin_password`](#password-7a55a1)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-66dae4"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-66dae4) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-671d98"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-671d98) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-4f48bf"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-4f48bf) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Admin Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-5d1498) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.admin_password`](#password-7a55a1)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-c9c5e0"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-c9c5e0) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-3d433e"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-3d433e) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Bare Metal Site

A [`bare_metal_site`](#site-12d7d5) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site`](#site-61bcd2)) supports the following:

<a id="name-3aa0ef"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-3aa0ef) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-33bcd0"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-33bcd0) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-b4548c"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-b4548c) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Bigiq Instance

A [`bigiq_instance`](#instance-036acc) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site`](#site-61bcd2)) supports the following:

<a id="name-4ad760"></a>&#x2022; [`license_pool_name`](#name-4ad760) - Optional String<br>License Pool Name. Name of Utility Pool on BIG-IQ

<a id="server-ip-77923c"></a>&#x2022; [`license_server_ip`](#server-ip-77923c) - Optional String<br>License Server IP. IP Address from the TCP Load Balancer which is configured to communicate with License Server

<a id="password-db7269"></a>&#x2022; [`password`](#password-db7269) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#password-db7269) below.

<a id="name-fe91d5"></a>&#x2022; [`sku_name`](#name-fe91d5) - Optional String<br>Offering Name. License offering name aka SKU name

<a id="username-bf14d5"></a>&#x2022; [`username`](#username-bf14d5) - Optional String<br>User Name. User Name used to access BIG-IQ to activate the license

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Bigiq Instance Password

A [`password`](#password-db7269) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.bigiq_instance`](#instance-036acc)) supports the following:

<a id="info-53f845"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-53f845) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-53f845) below.

<a id="info-b6ef20"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-b6ef20) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-b6ef20) below.

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Bigiq Instance Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-53f845) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.bigiq_instance.password`](#password-db7269)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-8f2abd"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-8f2abd) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-3c1ace"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-3c1ace) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-8b133e"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-8b133e) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Bigiq Instance Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-b6ef20) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.bigiq_instance.password`](#password-db7269)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-cd9714"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-cd9714) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-df6aed"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-df6aed) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Nodes

A [`nodes`](#nodes-d13441) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site`](#site-61bcd2)) supports the following:

<a id="size-c2ec7b"></a>&#x2022; [`bm_node_memory_size`](#size-c2ec7b) - Optional String  Defaults to `BM_8_GB_MEMORY`<br>Possible values are `BM_8_GB_MEMORY`, `BM_16_GB_MEMORY`, `BM_32_GB_MEMORY`<br>[Enum: BM_8_GB_MEMORY|BM_16_GB_MEMORY|BM_32_GB_MEMORY] Bare Metal ServiceNode Memory Size. Enum to define amount of memory to be assigned to the node - BM_8_GB_MEMORY: 8 GB - BM_16_GB_MEMORY: 16 GB - BM_32_GB_MEMORY: 32 GB

<a id="count-3392e9"></a>&#x2022; [`bm_virtual_cpu_count`](#count-3392e9) - Optional String  Defaults to `BM_4_VCPU`<br>Possible values are `BM_4_VCPU`, `BM_8_VCPU`<br>[Enum: BM_4_VCPU|BM_8_VCPU] Bare Metal ServiceNode Virtual CPU Count. Enum to define number of virtual CPU's to be assigned to the node - BM_4_VCPU: 4 virtual CPUs - BM_8_VCPU: 8 virtual CPUs

<a id="interface-e258b4"></a>&#x2022; [`external_interface`](#interface-e258b4) - Optional Block<br>Interface.BIG-IP interface details<br>See [External Interface](#interface-e258b4) below.

<a id="interface-eb05e4"></a>&#x2022; [`internal_interface`](#interface-eb05e4) - Optional Block<br>Interface.BIG-IP interface details<br>See [Internal Interface](#interface-eb05e4) below.

<a id="name-a0502c"></a>&#x2022; [`node_name`](#name-a0502c) - Optional String<br>Node Name. Node Name will be used to assign as hostname to the service

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Nodes External Interface

An [`external_interface`](#interface-e258b4) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.nodes`](#nodes-d13441)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-0c27be"></a>&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface-0c27be) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Interface](#interface-0c27be) below.

<a id="gateway-d23a59"></a>&#x2022; [`network_gateway`](#gateway-d23a59) - Optional String<br>Default Gateway

<a id="self-ip-54f877"></a>&#x2022; [`network_self_ip`](#self-ip-54f877) - Optional String<br>Self IP. Self IP CIDR

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Nodes External Interface Interface

An [`interface`](#interface-0c27be) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.nodes.external_interface`](#interface-e258b4)) supports the following:

<a id="name-e4872d"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-e4872d) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-7ef309"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-7ef309) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-c4b4ec"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-c4b4ec) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Nodes Internal Interface

An [`internal_interface`](#interface-eb05e4) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.nodes`](#nodes-d13441)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-35aed8"></a>&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface-35aed8) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Interface](#interface-35aed8) below.

<a id="gateway-0fd736"></a>&#x2022; [`network_gateway`](#gateway-0fd736) - Optional String<br>Default Gateway

<a id="self-ip-a79065"></a>&#x2022; [`network_self_ip`](#self-ip-a79065) - Optional String<br>Self IP. Self IP CIDR

#### Baremetal Site Type Choice F5 Bare Metal Site Nodes Internal Interface Interface

An [`interface`](#interface-35aed8) block (within [`baremetal_site_type_choice.f5_bare_metal_site.nodes.internal_interface`](#interface-eb05e4)) supports the following:

<a id="name-376328"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-376328) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-b0dc9f"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-b0dc9f) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-6ad79b"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-6ad79b) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management

A [`https_management`](#https-management) block supports the following:

<a id="https-management-advertise-on-internet"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_internet`](#https-management-advertise-on-internet) - Optional Block<br>Advertise Public. This defines a way to advertise a load balancer on public. If optional public_ip is provided, it will only be advertised on RE sites where that public_ip is available<br>See [Advertise On Internet](#https-management-advertise-on-internet) below.

<a id="vip-00de2c"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_internet_default_vip`](#vip-00de2c) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="https-management-advertise-on-sli-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_sli_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-sli-vip) - Optional Block<br>Inline TLS Parameters. Inline TLS parameters<br>See [Advertise On SLI VIP](#https-management-advertise-on-sli-vip) below.

<a id="vip-6dd6e5"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_slo_internet_vip`](#vip-6dd6e5) - Optional Block<br>Inline TLS Parameters. Inline TLS parameters<br>See [Advertise On Slo Internet VIP](#vip-6dd6e5) below.

<a id="https-management-advertise-on-slo-sli"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_slo_sli`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-sli) - Optional Block<br>Inline TLS Parameters. Inline TLS parameters<br>See [Advertise On Slo SLI](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-sli) below.

<a id="https-management-advertise-on-slo-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_on_slo_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-vip) - Optional Block<br>Inline TLS Parameters. Inline TLS parameters<br>See [Advertise On Slo VIP](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-vip) below.

<a id="https-management-default-https-port"></a>&#x2022; [`default_https_port`](#https-management-default-https-port) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="https-management-domain-suffix"></a>&#x2022; [`domain_suffix`](#https-management-domain-suffix) - Optional String<br>Domain Suffix. Domain suffix will be used along with node name to form URL to access node management

<a id="https-management-https-port"></a>&#x2022; [`https_port`](#https-management-https-port) - Optional Number<br>HTTPS Port. Enter TCP port number

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Internet

An [`advertise_on_internet`](#https-management-advertise-on-internet) block (within [`https_management`](#https-management)) supports the following:

<a id="public-ip-e501cc"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#public-ip-e501cc) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Public IP](#public-ip-e501cc) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Internet Public IP

A [`public_ip`](#public-ip-e501cc) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_internet`](#https-management-advertise-on-internet)) supports the following:

<a id="name-c549a1"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-c549a1) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-8fcb5e"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-8fcb5e) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-5cb820"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-5cb820) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP

An [`advertise_on_sli_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-sli-vip) block (within [`https_management`](#https-management)) supports the following:

<a id="mtls-1bd8e3"></a>&#x2022; [`no_mtls`](#mtls-1bd8e3) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="certificates-5355d7"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-5355d7) - Optional Block<br>TLS Certificates. Users can add one or more certificates that share the same set of domains. for example, domain.com and \*.domain.com - but use different signature algorithms<br>See [TLS Certificates](#certificates-5355d7) below.

<a id="config-9f094b"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_config`](#config-9f094b) - Optional Block<br>TLS Config. This defines various options to configure TLS configuration parameters<br>See [TLS Config](#config-9f094b) below.

<a id="mtls-c1dce4"></a>&#x2022; [`use_mtls`](#mtls-c1dce4) - Optional Block<br>Clients TLS validation context. Validation context for downstream client TLS connections<br>See [Use mTLS](#mtls-c1dce4) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP TLS Certificates

A [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-5355d7) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-sli-vip)) supports the following:

<a id="url-6da58e"></a>&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#url-6da58e) - Optional String<br>Certificate. TLS certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers

<a id="algorithms-df25ed"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-df25ed) - Optional Block<br>Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used<br>See [Custom Hash Algorithms](#algorithms-df25ed) below.

<a id="spec-ca69ee"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-ca69ee) - Optional String<br>Description. Description for the certificate

<a id="stapling-2e3125"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_ocsp_stapling`](#stapling-2e3125) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="key-7c0097"></a>&#x2022; [`private_key`](#key-7c0097) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Private Key](#key-7c0097) below.

<a id="defaults-18ac4e"></a>&#x2022; [`use_system_defaults`](#defaults-18ac4e) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP TLS Certificates Custom Hash Algorithms

A [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-df25ed) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.tls_certificates`](#certificates-5355d7)) supports the following:

<a id="algorithms-083c58"></a>&#x2022; [`hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-083c58) - Optional List  Defaults to `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`, `SHA256`, `SHA1`<br>[Enum: INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM|SHA256|SHA1] Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP TLS Certificates Private Key

A [`private_key`](#key-7c0097) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.tls_certificates`](#certificates-5355d7)) supports the following:

<a id="info-d9df15"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-d9df15) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-d9df15) below.

<a id="info-54e3b2"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-54e3b2) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-54e3b2) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP TLS Certificates Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-d9df15) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-7c0097)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-5f1a70"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-5f1a70) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-fa523c"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-fa523c) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-12c9c1"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-12c9c1) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP TLS Certificates Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-54e3b2) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-7c0097)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-98dcbd"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-98dcbd) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-ab8c1e"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-ab8c1e) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP TLS Config

A [`tls_config`](#config-9f094b) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-sli-vip)) supports the following:

<a id="security-dfdc05"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_security`](#security-dfdc05) - Optional Block<br>Custom Ciphers. This defines TLS protocol config including min/max versions and allowed ciphers<br>See [Custom Security](#security-dfdc05) below.

<a id="security-9de532"></a>&#x2022; [`default_security`](#security-9de532) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-69850d"></a>&#x2022; [`low_security`](#security-69850d) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-214afa"></a>&#x2022; [`medium_security`](#security-214afa) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP TLS Config Custom Security

A [`custom_security`](#security-dfdc05) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.tls_config`](#config-9f094b)) supports the following:

<a id="suites-fb1fde"></a>&#x2022; [`cipher_suites`](#suites-fb1fde) - Optional List<br>Cipher Suites. The TLS listener will only support the specified cipher list

<a id="version-b07adb"></a>&#x2022; [`max_version`](#version-b07adb) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

<a id="version-2c0f87"></a>&#x2022; [`min_version`](#version-2c0f87) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP Use mTLS

An [`use_mtls`](#mtls-c1dce4) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-sli-vip)) supports the following:

<a id="optional-68adb9"></a>&#x2022; [`client_certificate_optional`](#optional-68adb9) - Optional Bool<br>Client Certificate Optional. Client certificate is optional. If the client has provided a certificate, the load balancer will verify it. If certification verification fails, the connection will be terminated. If the client does not provide a certificate, the connection will be accepted

<a id="crl-19936d"></a>&#x2022; [`crl`](#crl-19936d) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [CRL](#crl-19936d) below.

<a id="crl-fac420"></a>&#x2022; [`no_crl`](#crl-fac420) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="trusted-ca-b9e38a"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-b9e38a) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Trusted CA](#trusted-ca-b9e38a) below.

<a id="url-b6ba65"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_url`](#url-b6ba65) - Optional String<br>Inline Root CA Certificate (legacy). Upload a Root CA Certificate specifically for this Load Balancer

<a id="disabled-e8c4ec"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_disabled`](#disabled-e8c4ec) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="options-ca97b0"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_options`](#options-ca97b0) - Optional Block<br>XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests<br>See [Xfcc Options](#options-ca97b0) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP Use mTLS CRL

A [`crl`](#crl-19936d) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-c1dce4)) supports the following:

<a id="name-fed988"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-fed988) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-b0813f"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-b0813f) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-374a05"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-374a05) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP Use mTLS Trusted CA

A [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-b9e38a) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-c1dce4)) supports the following:

<a id="name-1925aa"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-1925aa) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-65c37d"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-65c37d) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-2c045b"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-2c045b) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On SLI VIP Use mTLS Xfcc Options

A [`xfcc_options`](#options-ca97b0) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_sli_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-c1dce4)) supports the following:

<a id="elements-1f3d82"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_header_elements`](#elements-1f3d82) - Optional List  Defaults to `XFCC_NONE`<br>Possible values are `XFCC_NONE`, `XFCC_CERT`, `XFCC_CHAIN`, `XFCC_SUBJECT`, `XFCC_URI`, `XFCC_DNS`<br>[Enum: XFCC_NONE|XFCC_CERT|XFCC_CHAIN|XFCC_SUBJECT|XFCC_URI|XFCC_DNS] XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP

An [`advertise_on_slo_internet_vip`](#vip-6dd6e5) block (within [`https_management`](#https-management)) supports the following:

<a id="mtls-65c4ed"></a>&#x2022; [`no_mtls`](#mtls-65c4ed) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="certificates-748bff"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-748bff) - Optional Block<br>TLS Certificates. Users can add one or more certificates that share the same set of domains. for example, domain.com and \*.domain.com - but use different signature algorithms<br>See [TLS Certificates](#certificates-748bff) below.

<a id="config-3dcb79"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_config`](#config-3dcb79) - Optional Block<br>TLS Config. This defines various options to configure TLS configuration parameters<br>See [TLS Config](#config-3dcb79) below.

<a id="mtls-2fcd89"></a>&#x2022; [`use_mtls`](#mtls-2fcd89) - Optional Block<br>Clients TLS validation context. Validation context for downstream client TLS connections<br>See [Use mTLS](#mtls-2fcd89) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP TLS Certificates

A [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-748bff) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip`](#vip-6dd6e5)) supports the following:

<a id="url-538fd1"></a>&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#url-538fd1) - Optional String<br>Certificate. TLS certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers

<a id="algorithms-396399"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-396399) - Optional Block<br>Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used<br>See [Custom Hash Algorithms](#algorithms-396399) below.

<a id="spec-319b4d"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-319b4d) - Optional String<br>Description. Description for the certificate

<a id="stapling-26e75e"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_ocsp_stapling`](#stapling-26e75e) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="key-d9eadd"></a>&#x2022; [`private_key`](#key-d9eadd) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Private Key](#key-d9eadd) below.

<a id="defaults-eae44a"></a>&#x2022; [`use_system_defaults`](#defaults-eae44a) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP TLS Certificates Custom Hash Algorithms

A [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-396399) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.tls_certificates`](#certificates-748bff)) supports the following:

<a id="algorithms-0fe11a"></a>&#x2022; [`hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-0fe11a) - Optional List  Defaults to `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`, `SHA256`, `SHA1`<br>[Enum: INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM|SHA256|SHA1] Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP TLS Certificates Private Key

A [`private_key`](#key-d9eadd) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.tls_certificates`](#certificates-748bff)) supports the following:

<a id="info-fb4948"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-fb4948) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-fb4948) below.

<a id="info-7e382d"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-7e382d) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-7e382d) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP TLS Certificates Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-fb4948) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-d9eadd)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-3f630f"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-3f630f) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-da3b9c"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-da3b9c) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-84b5f6"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-84b5f6) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP TLS Certificates Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-7e382d) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-d9eadd)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-218907"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-218907) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-19877d"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-19877d) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP TLS Config

A [`tls_config`](#config-3dcb79) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip`](#vip-6dd6e5)) supports the following:

<a id="security-b809cf"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_security`](#security-b809cf) - Optional Block<br>Custom Ciphers. This defines TLS protocol config including min/max versions and allowed ciphers<br>See [Custom Security](#security-b809cf) below.

<a id="security-e059f2"></a>&#x2022; [`default_security`](#security-e059f2) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-9a6aa9"></a>&#x2022; [`low_security`](#security-9a6aa9) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-e4549d"></a>&#x2022; [`medium_security`](#security-e4549d) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP TLS Config Custom Security

A [`custom_security`](#security-b809cf) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.tls_config`](#config-3dcb79)) supports the following:

<a id="suites-8ab58a"></a>&#x2022; [`cipher_suites`](#suites-8ab58a) - Optional List<br>Cipher Suites. The TLS listener will only support the specified cipher list

<a id="version-fe0ab6"></a>&#x2022; [`max_version`](#version-fe0ab6) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

<a id="version-c193af"></a>&#x2022; [`min_version`](#version-c193af) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP Use mTLS

An [`use_mtls`](#mtls-2fcd89) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip`](#vip-6dd6e5)) supports the following:

<a id="optional-bb69f8"></a>&#x2022; [`client_certificate_optional`](#optional-bb69f8) - Optional Bool<br>Client Certificate Optional. Client certificate is optional. If the client has provided a certificate, the load balancer will verify it. If certification verification fails, the connection will be terminated. If the client does not provide a certificate, the connection will be accepted

<a id="crl-d07bf8"></a>&#x2022; [`crl`](#crl-d07bf8) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [CRL](#crl-d07bf8) below.

<a id="crl-aeab3f"></a>&#x2022; [`no_crl`](#crl-aeab3f) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="trusted-ca-046a20"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-046a20) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Trusted CA](#trusted-ca-046a20) below.

<a id="url-248df7"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_url`](#url-248df7) - Optional String<br>Inline Root CA Certificate (legacy). Upload a Root CA Certificate specifically for this Load Balancer

<a id="disabled-369402"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_disabled`](#disabled-369402) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="options-683773"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_options`](#options-683773) - Optional Block<br>XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests<br>See [Xfcc Options](#options-683773) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP Use mTLS CRL

A [`crl`](#crl-d07bf8) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-2fcd89)) supports the following:

<a id="name-7fe25b"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-7fe25b) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-a1ad51"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-a1ad51) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-3af425"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-3af425) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP Use mTLS Trusted CA

A [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-046a20) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-2fcd89)) supports the following:

<a id="name-f0c02e"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-f0c02e) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-571413"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-571413) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-b6f682"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-b6f682) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo Internet VIP Use mTLS Xfcc Options

A [`xfcc_options`](#options-683773) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_internet_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-2fcd89)) supports the following:

<a id="elements-37d5da"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_header_elements`](#elements-37d5da) - Optional List  Defaults to `XFCC_NONE`<br>Possible values are `XFCC_NONE`, `XFCC_CERT`, `XFCC_CHAIN`, `XFCC_SUBJECT`, `XFCC_URI`, `XFCC_DNS`<br>[Enum: XFCC_NONE|XFCC_CERT|XFCC_CHAIN|XFCC_SUBJECT|XFCC_URI|XFCC_DNS] XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI

An [`advertise_on_slo_sli`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-sli) block (within [`https_management`](#https-management)) supports the following:

<a id="mtls-e2f684"></a>&#x2022; [`no_mtls`](#mtls-e2f684) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="certificates-b923c1"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-b923c1) - Optional Block<br>TLS Certificates. Users can add one or more certificates that share the same set of domains. for example, domain.com and \*.domain.com - but use different signature algorithms<br>See [TLS Certificates](#certificates-b923c1) below.

<a id="config-2cd93f"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_config`](#config-2cd93f) - Optional Block<br>TLS Config. This defines various options to configure TLS configuration parameters<br>See [TLS Config](#config-2cd93f) below.

<a id="mtls-b8036a"></a>&#x2022; [`use_mtls`](#mtls-b8036a) - Optional Block<br>Clients TLS validation context. Validation context for downstream client TLS connections<br>See [Use mTLS](#mtls-b8036a) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI TLS Certificates

A [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-b923c1) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-sli)) supports the following:

<a id="url-599a7a"></a>&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#url-599a7a) - Optional String<br>Certificate. TLS certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers

<a id="algorithms-54e57d"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-54e57d) - Optional Block<br>Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used<br>See [Custom Hash Algorithms](#algorithms-54e57d) below.

<a id="spec-674aab"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-674aab) - Optional String<br>Description. Description for the certificate

<a id="stapling-2445e8"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_ocsp_stapling`](#stapling-2445e8) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="key-f51e15"></a>&#x2022; [`private_key`](#key-f51e15) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Private Key](#key-f51e15) below.

<a id="defaults-bb55aa"></a>&#x2022; [`use_system_defaults`](#defaults-bb55aa) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI TLS Certificates Custom Hash Algorithms

A [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-54e57d) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.tls_certificates`](#certificates-b923c1)) supports the following:

<a id="algorithms-c29f03"></a>&#x2022; [`hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-c29f03) - Optional List  Defaults to `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`, `SHA256`, `SHA1`<br>[Enum: INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM|SHA256|SHA1] Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI TLS Certificates Private Key

A [`private_key`](#key-f51e15) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.tls_certificates`](#certificates-b923c1)) supports the following:

<a id="info-4c3e9e"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-4c3e9e) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-4c3e9e) below.

<a id="info-0591f3"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-0591f3) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-0591f3) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI TLS Certificates Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-4c3e9e) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-f51e15)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-77378b"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-77378b) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-6e8882"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-6e8882) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-23e4a9"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-23e4a9) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI TLS Certificates Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-0591f3) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-f51e15)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-2692e5"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-2692e5) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-9ede10"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-9ede10) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI TLS Config

A [`tls_config`](#config-2cd93f) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-sli)) supports the following:

<a id="security-57cb09"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_security`](#security-57cb09) - Optional Block<br>Custom Ciphers. This defines TLS protocol config including min/max versions and allowed ciphers<br>See [Custom Security](#security-57cb09) below.

<a id="security-66b767"></a>&#x2022; [`default_security`](#security-66b767) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-bc0213"></a>&#x2022; [`low_security`](#security-bc0213) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-23b628"></a>&#x2022; [`medium_security`](#security-23b628) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI TLS Config Custom Security

A [`custom_security`](#security-57cb09) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.tls_config`](#config-2cd93f)) supports the following:

<a id="suites-17c459"></a>&#x2022; [`cipher_suites`](#suites-17c459) - Optional List<br>Cipher Suites. The TLS listener will only support the specified cipher list

<a id="version-941401"></a>&#x2022; [`max_version`](#version-941401) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

<a id="version-cc08f5"></a>&#x2022; [`min_version`](#version-cc08f5) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI Use mTLS

An [`use_mtls`](#mtls-b8036a) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-sli)) supports the following:

<a id="optional-c1d942"></a>&#x2022; [`client_certificate_optional`](#optional-c1d942) - Optional Bool<br>Client Certificate Optional. Client certificate is optional. If the client has provided a certificate, the load balancer will verify it. If certification verification fails, the connection will be terminated. If the client does not provide a certificate, the connection will be accepted

<a id="crl-341796"></a>&#x2022; [`crl`](#crl-341796) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [CRL](#crl-341796) below.

<a id="crl-438487"></a>&#x2022; [`no_crl`](#crl-438487) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="trusted-ca-baa118"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-baa118) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Trusted CA](#trusted-ca-baa118) below.

<a id="url-379c50"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_url`](#url-379c50) - Optional String<br>Inline Root CA Certificate (legacy). Upload a Root CA Certificate specifically for this Load Balancer

<a id="disabled-d3e7d3"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_disabled`](#disabled-d3e7d3) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="options-375329"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_options`](#options-375329) - Optional Block<br>XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests<br>See [Xfcc Options](#options-375329) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI Use mTLS CRL

A [`crl`](#crl-341796) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.use_mtls`](#mtls-b8036a)) supports the following:

<a id="name-58addb"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-58addb) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-cc6b41"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-cc6b41) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-9a7435"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-9a7435) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI Use mTLS Trusted CA

A [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-baa118) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.use_mtls`](#mtls-b8036a)) supports the following:

<a id="name-db371b"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-db371b) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-57369f"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-57369f) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-e6475c"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-e6475c) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo SLI Use mTLS Xfcc Options

A [`xfcc_options`](#options-375329) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_sli.use_mtls`](#mtls-b8036a)) supports the following:

<a id="elements-c28be3"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_header_elements`](#elements-c28be3) - Optional List  Defaults to `XFCC_NONE`<br>Possible values are `XFCC_NONE`, `XFCC_CERT`, `XFCC_CHAIN`, `XFCC_SUBJECT`, `XFCC_URI`, `XFCC_DNS`<br>[Enum: XFCC_NONE|XFCC_CERT|XFCC_CHAIN|XFCC_SUBJECT|XFCC_URI|XFCC_DNS] XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP

An [`advertise_on_slo_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-vip) block (within [`https_management`](#https-management)) supports the following:

<a id="mtls-476751"></a>&#x2022; [`no_mtls`](#mtls-476751) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="certificates-49cf23"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-49cf23) - Optional Block<br>TLS Certificates. Users can add one or more certificates that share the same set of domains. for example, domain.com and \*.domain.com - but use different signature algorithms<br>See [TLS Certificates](#certificates-49cf23) below.

<a id="config-eb7c38"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_config`](#config-eb7c38) - Optional Block<br>TLS Config. This defines various options to configure TLS configuration parameters<br>See [TLS Config](#config-eb7c38) below.

<a id="mtls-85e7e5"></a>&#x2022; [`use_mtls`](#mtls-85e7e5) - Optional Block<br>Clients TLS validation context. Validation context for downstream client TLS connections<br>See [Use mTLS](#mtls-85e7e5) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP TLS Certificates

A [`tls_certificates`](#certificates-49cf23) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-vip)) supports the following:

<a id="url-ba483c"></a>&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#url-ba483c) - Optional String<br>Certificate. TLS certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers

<a id="algorithms-e4042d"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-e4042d) - Optional Block<br>Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used<br>See [Custom Hash Algorithms](#algorithms-e4042d) below.

<a id="spec-8a3b62"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-8a3b62) - Optional String<br>Description. Description for the certificate

<a id="stapling-ba3445"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_ocsp_stapling`](#stapling-ba3445) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="key-5c1b57"></a>&#x2022; [`private_key`](#key-5c1b57) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Private Key](#key-5c1b57) below.

<a id="defaults-81b355"></a>&#x2022; [`use_system_defaults`](#defaults-81b355) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP TLS Certificates Custom Hash Algorithms

A [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-e4042d) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.tls_certificates`](#certificates-49cf23)) supports the following:

<a id="algorithms-ba763b"></a>&#x2022; [`hash_algorithms`](#algorithms-ba763b) - Optional List  Defaults to `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`, `SHA256`, `SHA1`<br>[Enum: INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM|SHA256|SHA1] Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP TLS Certificates Private Key

A [`private_key`](#key-5c1b57) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.tls_certificates`](#certificates-49cf23)) supports the following:

<a id="info-2120cd"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-2120cd) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-2120cd) below.

<a id="info-915c8d"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-915c8d) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-915c8d) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP TLS Certificates Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-2120cd) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-5c1b57)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-51ffab"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-51ffab) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-d426d5"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-d426d5) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-080ee2"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-080ee2) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP TLS Certificates Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#info-915c8d) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.tls_certificates.private_key`](#key-5c1b57)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-e449ae"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-e449ae) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-a017e0"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-a017e0) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP TLS Config

A [`tls_config`](#config-eb7c38) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-vip)) supports the following:

<a id="security-0bffe9"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_security`](#security-0bffe9) - Optional Block<br>Custom Ciphers. This defines TLS protocol config including min/max versions and allowed ciphers<br>See [Custom Security](#security-0bffe9) below.

<a id="security-37fb06"></a>&#x2022; [`default_security`](#security-37fb06) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-9296e2"></a>&#x2022; [`low_security`](#security-9296e2) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="security-cfb564"></a>&#x2022; [`medium_security`](#security-cfb564) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP TLS Config Custom Security

A [`custom_security`](#security-0bffe9) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.tls_config`](#config-eb7c38)) supports the following:

<a id="suites-f86936"></a>&#x2022; [`cipher_suites`](#suites-f86936) - Optional List<br>Cipher Suites. The TLS listener will only support the specified cipher list

<a id="version-b8932f"></a>&#x2022; [`max_version`](#version-b8932f) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

<a id="version-84a755"></a>&#x2022; [`min_version`](#version-84a755) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>[Enum: TLS_AUTO|TLSv1_0|TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2|TLSv1_3] TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP Use mTLS

An [`use_mtls`](#mtls-85e7e5) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip`](#https-management-advertise-on-slo-vip)) supports the following:

<a id="optional-ceba52"></a>&#x2022; [`client_certificate_optional`](#optional-ceba52) - Optional Bool<br>Client Certificate Optional. Client certificate is optional. If the client has provided a certificate, the load balancer will verify it. If certification verification fails, the connection will be terminated. If the client does not provide a certificate, the connection will be accepted

<a id="crl-35cfce"></a>&#x2022; [`crl`](#crl-35cfce) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [CRL](#crl-35cfce) below.

<a id="crl-80dcbd"></a>&#x2022; [`no_crl`](#crl-80dcbd) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="trusted-ca-eefedc"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-eefedc) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Trusted CA](#trusted-ca-eefedc) below.

<a id="url-478a70"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_url`](#url-478a70) - Optional String<br>Inline Root CA Certificate (legacy). Upload a Root CA Certificate specifically for this Load Balancer

<a id="disabled-2827c4"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_disabled`](#disabled-2827c4) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="options-564de6"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_options`](#options-564de6) - Optional Block<br>XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests<br>See [Xfcc Options](#options-564de6) below.

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP Use mTLS CRL

A [`crl`](#crl-35cfce) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-85e7e5)) supports the following:

<a id="name-9593de"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-9593de) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-dd54d0"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-dd54d0) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-d019a6"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-d019a6) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP Use mTLS Trusted CA

A [`trusted_ca`](#trusted-ca-eefedc) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-85e7e5)) supports the following:

<a id="name-eea57c"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-eea57c) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-121754"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-121754) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-7e45d7"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-7e45d7) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### HTTPS Management Advertise On Slo VIP Use mTLS Xfcc Options

A [`xfcc_options`](#options-564de6) block (within [`https_management.advertise_on_slo_vip.use_mtls`](#mtls-85e7e5)) supports the following:

<a id="elements-b77b32"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_header_elements`](#elements-b77b32) - Optional List  Defaults to `XFCC_NONE`<br>Possible values are `XFCC_NONE`, `XFCC_CERT`, `XFCC_CHAIN`, `XFCC_SUBJECT`, `XFCC_URI`, `XFCC_DNS`<br>[Enum: XFCC_NONE|XFCC_CERT|XFCC_CHAIN|XFCC_SUBJECT|XFCC_URI|XFCC_DNS] XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_apm.example system/example
```
