---
page_title: "f5xc_app_api_group Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "API Security"
description: |-
  Manages app_api_group creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_app_api_group (Resource)

Manages app_api_group creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [App API Group API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/views-app-api-group) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# App API Group Resource Example
# Manages app_api_group creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic App API Group configuration
resource "f5xc_app_api_group" "example" {
  name      = "example-app-api-group"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: bigip_virtual_server, cdn_loadbalancer, http_load...
  bigip_virtual_server {
    # Configure bigip_virtual_server settings
  }
  # API Group Scope CDN Loadbalancer. Set the scope of the AP...
  cdn_loadbalancer {
    # Configure cdn_loadbalancer settings
  }
  # API Group Elements. List of API group elements with metho...
  elements {
    # Configure elements settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the AppAPIGroup. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the AppAPIGroup will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="bigip-virtual-server"></a>[`bigip_virtual_server`](#bigip-virtual-server) - Optional Block<br>API Group Scope BIGIP Virtual Server. Set the scope of the API Group to a specific BIGIP Virtual Server<br>See [Bigip Virtual Server](#bigip-virtual-server) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="cdn-loadbalancer"></a>[`cdn_loadbalancer`](#cdn-loadbalancer) - Optional Block<br>API Group Scope CDN Loadbalancer. Set the scope of the API Group to a specific CDN Loadbalancer<br>See [CDN Loadbalancer](#cdn-loadbalancer) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="http-loadbalancer"></a>[`http_loadbalancer`](#http-loadbalancer) - Optional Block<br>API Group Scope HTTP Loadbalancer. Set the scope of the API Group to a specific HTTP Loadbalancer<br>See [HTTP Loadbalancer](#http-loadbalancer) below for details.

<a id="elements"></a>&#x2022; [`elements`](#elements) - Optional Block<br>API Group Elements. List of API group elements with methods and path regex for matching requests<br>See [Elements](#elements) below for details.

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Bigip Virtual Server

A [`bigip_virtual_server`](#bigip-virtual-server) block supports the following:

<a id="bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server"></a>&#x2022; [`bigip_virtual_server`](#bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Bigip Virtual Server](#bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server) below.

#### Bigip Virtual Server Bigip Virtual Server

A [`bigip_virtual_server`](#bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server) block (within [`bigip_virtual_server`](#bigip-virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#bigip-virtual-server-bigip-virtual-server-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### CDN Loadbalancer

A [`cdn_loadbalancer`](#cdn-loadbalancer) block supports the following:

<a id="cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer"></a>&#x2022; [`cdn_loadbalancer`](#cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [CDN Loadbalancer](#cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer) below.

#### CDN Loadbalancer CDN Loadbalancer

A [`cdn_loadbalancer`](#cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer) block (within [`cdn_loadbalancer`](#cdn-loadbalancer)) supports the following:

<a id="cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#cdn-loadbalancer-cdn-loadbalancer-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Elements

An [`elements`](#elements) block supports the following:

<a id="elements-methods"></a>&#x2022; [`methods`](#elements-methods) - Optional List  Defaults to `ANY`<br>Possible values are `ANY`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`, `COPY`<br>HTTP Methods. List of method values to match the input request API method against. The match is considered to succeed if the input request API method is a member of the list

<a id="elements-path-regex"></a>&#x2022; [`path_regex`](#elements-path-regex) - Optional String<br>Path Regex. Regular expression to match the input request API path against. The match is considered to succeed if the input request API path matches the specified path regex

#### HTTP Loadbalancer

A [`http_loadbalancer`](#http-loadbalancer) block supports the following:

<a id="http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer"></a>&#x2022; [`http_loadbalancer`](#http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [HTTP Loadbalancer](#http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer) below.

#### HTTP Loadbalancer HTTP Loadbalancer

A [`http_loadbalancer`](#http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer) block (within [`http_loadbalancer`](#http-loadbalancer)) supports the following:

<a id="http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#http-loadbalancer-http-loadbalancer-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_app_api_group.example system/example
```
