---
page_title: "f5xc_aws_tgw_site Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Sites"
description: |-
  Manages a AWSTGWSite resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying F5 sites connected via AWS Transit Gateway.
---

# f5xc_aws_tgw_site (Resource)

Manages a AWSTGWSite resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying F5 sites connected via AWS Transit Gateway.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Aws Tgw Site Resource Example
# Manages a AWSTGWSite resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying F5 sites connected via AWS Transit Gateway.

# Basic Aws Tgw Site configuration
resource "f5xc_aws_tgw_site" "example" {
  name      = "example-aws-tgw-site"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # AWS TGW Site configuration
  aws_region = "us-west-2"

  # AWS credentials
  aws_cred {
    name      = "aws-credentials"
    namespace = "system"
  }

  # VPC configuration
  vpc {
    new_vpc {
      name_tag     = "f5xc-tgw-vpc"
      primary_ipv4 = "10.0.0.0/16"
    }
  }

  # TGW configuration
  tgw {
    new_tgw {
      name = "f5xc-tgw"
    }
  }

  # Instance type
  instance_type = "t3.xlarge"

  # Service VPC
  services_vpc {
    aws_certified_hw = "aws-byol-voltmesh"
    az_nodes {
      aws_az_name = "us-west-2a"
      inside_subnet {
        subnet_param {
          ipv4 = "10.0.1.0/24"
        }
      }
      outside_subnet {
        subnet_param {
          ipv4 = "10.0.2.0/24"
        }
      }
      workload_subnet {
        subnet_param {
          ipv4 = "10.0.3.0/24"
        }
      }
    }
  }

  # No worker nodes
  no_worker_nodes {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

`name` - (Required) Name of the AWSTGWSite. Must be unique within the namespace (`String`).

`namespace` - (Required) Namespace where the AWSTGWSite will be created (`String`).

`annotations` - (Optional) Annotations to apply to this resource (`Map`).

`labels` - (Optional) Labels to apply to this resource (`Map`).

### Spec Argument Reference

`aws_parameters` - (Optional) AWS Service VPC and TGW. Setup AWS services VPC, transit gateway and site. See [AWS Parameters](#aws-parameters) below for details.

> **Note:** One of the arguments from this list "block_all_services, blocked_services, default_blocked_services" must be set.

`block_all_services` - (Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (`Block`).

`blocked_services` - (Optional) Disable Node Local Services. Disable node local services on this site. Note: The chosen services will get disabled on all nodes in the site. See [Blocked Services](#blocked-services) below for details.

`default_blocked_services` - (Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (`Block`).

`coordinates` - (Optional) Site Coordinates. Coordinates of the site which provides the site physical location. See [Coordinates](#coordinates) below for details.

`custom_dns` - (Optional) Custom DNS. Custom DNS is the configured for specify CE site. See [Custom DNS](#custom-dns) below for details.

> **Note:** One of the arguments from this list "direct_connect_disabled, direct_connect_enabled, private_connectivity" must be set.

`direct_connect_disabled` - (Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (`Block`).

`direct_connect_enabled` - (Optional) Direct Connect Configuration. Direct Connect Configuration. See [Direct Connect Enabled](#direct-connect-enabled) below for details.

`private_connectivity` - (Optional) Private Connect Configuration. Private Connect Configuration (`Block`).

`kubernetes_upgrade_drain` - (Optional) Node by Node Upgrade. Specify how worker nodes within a site will be upgraded. See [Kubernetes Upgrade Drain](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain) below for details.

> **Note:** One of the arguments from this list "log_receiver, logs_streaming_disabled" must be set.

`log_receiver` - (Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name. See [Log Receiver](#log-receiver) below for details.

`logs_streaming_disabled` - (Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (`Block`).

`offline_survivability_mode` - (Optional) Offline Survivability Mode. Offline Survivability allows the Site to continue functioning normally without traffic loss during periods of connectivity loss to the Regional Edge (RE) or the Global Controller (GC). When this feature is enabled, a site can continue to function as is with existing configuration for upto 7 days, even when the site is offline. The certificates needed to keep the services running on this site are signed using a local CA. Secrets would also be cached locally to handle the connectivity loss. When the mode is toggled, services will restart and traffic disruption will be seen. See [Offline Survivability Mode](#offline-survivability-mode) below for details.

`os` - (Optional) Operating System Version. Select the F5XC Operating System Version for the site. By default, latest available OS Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released OS versions. See [OS](#os) below for details.

`performance_enhancement_mode` - (Optional) Performance Enhancement Mode. x-required Optimize the site for L3 or L7 traffic processing. L7 optimized is the default. See [Performance Enhancement Mode](#performance-enhancement-mode) below for details.

`sw` - (Optional) F5XC Software Version. Select the F5XC Software Version for the site. By default, latest available F5XC Software Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released SW versions (`Block`).

`tags` - (Optional) AWS Tags. AWS Tags is a label consisting of a user-defined key and value. It helps to manage, identify, organize, search for, and filter resources in AWS console (`Block`).

`tgw_security` - (Optional) TGW Security Configuration. Security Configuration for transit gateway (`Block`).

`timeouts` - (Optional) (`Block`).

`vn_config` - (Optional) Virtual Network Configuration. Virtual Network Configuration (`Block`).

`vpc_attachments` - (Optional) Spoke VPCs. Spoke VPCs to be attached to the AWS TGW Site (`Block`).

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

`id` - (Optional) Unique identifier for the resource (`String`).

---

## Nested Block Reference

This resource has extensive nested block configuration. For detailed documentation of all nested blocks, see [AWS Tgw Site Nested Blocks](./aws_tgw_site_nested_blocks).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_aws_tgw_site.example system/example
```
