---
page_title: "f5xc_bigip_irule Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "BIG-IP Integration"
description: |-
  Manages a BigIPIrule resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for desired state for big-ip irule service configuration.
---

# f5xc_bigip_irule (Resource)

Manages a BigIPIrule resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for desired state for big-ip irule service configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Bigip Irule API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/bigip-irule) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# BigIP IRULE Resource Example
# Manages a BigIPIrule resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for desired state for big-ip irule service configuration.

# Basic BigIP IRULE configuration
resource "f5xc_bigip_irule" "example" {
  name      = "example-bigip-irule"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the BigIPIrule. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the BigIPIrule will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`code`](#code) - Optional String<br>iRule code. iRule code content, this content will be base64 encoded for preserving formating

&#x2022; [`irule_name`](#irule-name) - Optional String<br>iRule name. iRule name

&#x2022; [`source`](#source) - Optional String<br>iRule source. iRule generation/updation source

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A `timeouts` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_bigip_irule.example system/example
```
