---
page_title: "f5xc_certificate_chain Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Certificates"
description: |-
  Manages a CertificateChain resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for certificate chain configuration for TLS.
---

# f5xc_certificate_chain (Resource)

Manages a CertificateChain resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for certificate chain configuration for TLS.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Certificate Chain API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/certificate-chain) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Certificate Chain Resource Example
# Manages a CertificateChain resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for certificate chain configuration for TLS.

# Basic Certificate Chain configuration
resource "f5xc_certificate_chain" "example" {
  name      = "example-certificate-chain"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the CertificateChain. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the CertificateChain will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#certificate-url) - Optional String<br>Certificates. Certificate chain is the list of intermediate certificates in PEM format including the PEM headers

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A `timeouts` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_certificate_chain.example system/example
```
