---
page_title: "f5xc_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Certificates"
description: |-
  Manages a Certificate resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for TLS/SSL certificate management.
---

# f5xc_certificate (Resource)

Manages a Certificate resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for TLS/SSL certificate management.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Certificate API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/certificate) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Certificate Resource Example
# Manages a Certificate resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for TLS/SSL certificate management.

# Basic Certificate configuration
resource "f5xc_certificate" "example" {
  name      = "example-certificate"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Certificate configuration
  certificate_url = "string:///LS0tLS1CRUdJTi..."
  private_key {
    clear_secret_info {
      url = "string:///LS0tLS1CRUdJTi..."
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Certificate. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Certificate will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`certificate_chain`](#certificate-chain) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Certificate Chain](#certificate-chain) below for details.

&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#certificate-url) - Optional String<br>Certificate. Certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#custom-hash-algorithms) - Optional Block<br>Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used<br>See [Custom Hash Algorithms](#custom-hash-algorithms) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`disable_ocsp_stapling`](#disable-ocsp-stapling) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`use_system_defaults`](#use-system-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`private_key`](#private-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Private Key](#private-key) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Certificate Chain

A [`certificate_chain`](#certificate-chain) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#certificate-chain-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#certificate-chain-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#certificate-chain-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Custom Hash Algorithms

A [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#custom-hash-algorithms) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`hash_algorithms`](#custom-hash-algorithms-hash-algorithms) - Optional List  Defaults to `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`, `SHA256`, `SHA1`<br>Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used

#### Private Key

A [`private_key`](#private-key) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#private-key-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#private-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#private-key-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#private-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#private-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`private_key`](#private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#private-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#private-key-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#private-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#private-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`private_key`](#private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#private-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#private-key-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_certificate.example system/example
```
