---
page_title: "f5xc_child_tenant_manager Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Organization"
description: |-
  Manages child_tenant_manager config instance. Name of the object is the name of the child tenant manager to be created. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_child_tenant_manager (Resource)

Manages child_tenant_manager config instance. Name of the object is the name of the child tenant manager to be created. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Child Tenant Manager API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/tenant-management-child-tenant-manager) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Child Tenant Manager Resource Example
# Manages child_tenant_manager config instance. Name of the object is the name of the child tenant manager to be created. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Child Tenant Manager configuration
resource "f5xc_child_tenant_manager" "example" {
  name      = "example-child-tenant-manager"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Group Mapping. The Group Mapping field is used to associa...
  group_assignments {
    # Configure group_assignments settings
  }
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  group {
    # Configure group settings
  }
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  tenant_owner_group {
    # Configure tenant_owner_group settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the ChildTenantManager. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the ChildTenantManager will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`group_assignments`](#group-assignments) - Optional Block<br>Group Mapping. The Group Mapping field is used to associate local user groups with user groups in child tenants<br>See [Group Assignments](#group-assignments) below for details.

&#x2022; [`tenant_owner_group`](#tenant-owner-group) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Tenant Owner Group](#tenant-owner-group) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Group Assignments

A [`group_assignments`](#group-assignments) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`child_tenant_groups`](#child-tenant-groups) - Optional List<br>Child Tenant User Groups. List of group names in child tenant. Note - To establish access, child tenant group names must be a subset of child tenant groups configured in tenant profile. Once it's setup, when user from msp tenant access child tenant, underlying roles from child tenant will be applied to user

&#x2022; [`group`](#group) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Group](#group-assignments-group) below.

#### Group

A [`group`](#group-assignments-group) block (within [`group_assignments`](#group-assignments)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Tenant Owner Group

A [`tenant_owner_group`](#tenant-owner-group) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_child_tenant_manager.example system/example
```
