---
page_title: "f5xc_cloud_elastic_ip Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Cloud Resources"
description: |-
  Manages Cloud Elastic IP creates Cloud Elastic IP object Object is attached to a site in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_cloud_elastic_ip (Resource)

Manages Cloud Elastic IP creates Cloud Elastic IP object Object is attached to a site in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Cloud Elastic IP API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/cloud-elastic-ip) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Cloud Elastic IP Resource Example
# Manages Cloud Elastic IP creates Cloud Elastic IP object Object is attached to a site in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Cloud Elastic IP configuration
resource "f5xc_cloud_elastic_ip" "example" {
  name      = "example-cloud-elastic-ip"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Site Reference. Site to which this cloud elastic ip objec...
  site_ref {
    # Configure site_ref settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the CloudElasticIP. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the CloudElasticIP will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`item_count`](#item-count) - Optional Number<br>Elastic IP Count Per Node. number of Elastic Ips / Public Ips associated with this object per Node

&#x2022; [`site_ref`](#site-ref) - Optional Block<br>Site Reference. Site to which this cloud elastic IP object is attached<br>See [Site Ref](#site-ref) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Site Ref

A [`site_ref`](#site-ref) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#site-ref-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#site-ref-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#site-ref-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#site-ref-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#site-ref-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_cloud_elastic_ip.example system/example
```
