---
page_title: "f5xc_cminstance Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Subscriptions"
description: |-
  [Namespace: required] Manages App type will create the configuration in namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_cminstance (Resource)

[Namespace: required] Manages App type will create the configuration in namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Cminstance API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/cminstance) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Cminstance Resource Example
# [Namespace: required] Manages App type will create the configuration in namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Cminstance configuration
resource "f5xc_cminstance" "example" {
  name      = "example-cminstance"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sen...
  api_token {
    # Configure api_token settings
  }
  # Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies infor...
  blindfold_secret_info {
    # Configure blindfold_secret_info settings
  }
  # In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies informatio...
  clear_secret_info {
    # Configure clear_secret_info settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Cminstance. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Cminstance will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="api-token"></a>&#x2022; [`api_token`](#api-token) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [API Token](#api-token) below for details.

<a id="ip"></a>&#x2022; [`ip`](#ip) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in dot-decimal notation<br>See [IP](#ip) below for details.

<a id="password"></a>&#x2022; [`password`](#password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#password) below for details.

<a id="port"></a>&#x2022; [`port`](#port) - Optional Number<br>Port. Port of the Central Manager instance to connect to

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

<a id="username"></a>&#x2022; [`username`](#username) - Optional String<br>Username. Username for the Central Manager instance

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### API Token

An [`api_token`](#api-token) block supports the following:

<a id="api-token-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#api-token-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#api-token-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="api-token-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#api-token-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#api-token-clear-secret-info) below.

#### API Token Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#api-token-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`api_token`](#api-token)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-9e1a18"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-9e1a18) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-ae079d"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-ae079d) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-924a2a"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-924a2a) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### API Token Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#api-token-clear-secret-info) block (within [`api_token`](#api-token)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-c39fa7"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-c39fa7) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="api-token-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#api-token-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### IP

An [`ip`](#ip) block supports the following:

<a id="ip-addr"></a>&#x2022; [`addr`](#ip-addr) - Optional String<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in string form with dot-decimal notation

#### Password

A [`password`](#password) block supports the following:

<a id="password-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#password-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="password-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#password-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`password`](#password)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-f3d5d2"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-f3d5d2) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="password-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#password-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-0e4651"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-0e4651) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`password`](#password)) supports the following:

<a id="password-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#password-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="password-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#password-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_cminstance.example system/example
```
