---
page_title: "f5xc_contact Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Organization"
description: |-
  Manages new customer's contact detail record with us, including address and phone number. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_contact (Resource)

Manages new customer's contact detail record with us, including address and phone number. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Contact API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/contact) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Contact Resource Example
# Manages new customer's contact detail record with us, including address and phone number. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Contact configuration
resource "f5xc_contact" "example" {
  name      = "example-contact"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Contact. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Contact will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`address1`](#address1) - Optional String<br>Address Line 1

&#x2022; [`address2`](#address2) - Optional String<br>Address Line 2

&#x2022; [`city`](#city) - Optional String<br>City

&#x2022; [`contact_type`](#contact-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `MAILING`<br>Possible values are `MAILING`, `BILLING`, `PAYMENT`<br>Contact Type. Determines the contact type Indicates snail mail address (used for correspondence) Indicates billing address (this address will appear on invoices) Indicates contact used for a payment method (this address is used when charging a payment method)

&#x2022; [`country`](#country) - Optional String<br>Country

&#x2022; [`county`](#county) - Optional String<br>County

&#x2022; [`phone_number`](#phone-number) - Optional String<br>Phone Number

&#x2022; [`state`](#state) - Optional String<br>State

&#x2022; [`state_code`](#state-code) - Optional String<br>State Code

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

&#x2022; [`zip_code`](#zip-code) - Optional String<br>ZIP code

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_contact.example system/example
```
