---
page_title: "f5xc_crl Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Certificates"
description: |-
  Manages a CRL resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for api to create crl configuration.
---

# f5xc_crl (Resource)

Manages a CRL resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for api to create crl configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [CRL API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/operate-crl) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Crl Resource Example
# Manages a CRL resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for api to create crl configuration.

# Basic Crl configuration
resource "f5xc_crl" "example" {
  name      = "example-crl"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # HTTPAccessInfo.
  http_access {
    # Configure http_access settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the CRL. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the CRL will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`http_access`](#http-access) - Optional Block<br>HTTPAccessInfo<br>See [HTTP Access](#http-access) below for details.

&#x2022; [`refresh_interval`](#refresh-interval) - Optional Number<br>CRL Refresh interval. CRL refresh interval, in hours

&#x2022; [`server_address`](#server-address) - Optional String<br>CRL Server address. CRL server address or hostname

&#x2022; [`server_port`](#server-port) - Optional Number<br>CRL Server Port. Set CRL Server port number

&#x2022; [`timeout`](#timeout) - Optional Number<br>CRL download timeout. CRL download wait time, in seconds

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="http-access"></a>

**HTTP Access**

A [`http_access`](#http-access) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`path`](#path) - Optional String<br>CRL File path. CRL file location

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_crl.example system/example
```
