---
page_title: "f5xc_customer_support Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a new customer support ticket in our customer support provider system.
---

# f5xc_customer_support (Resource)

Creates a new customer support ticket in our customer support provider system.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Customer Support Resource Example
# Creates a new customer support ticket in our customer support provider system.

# Basic Customer Support configuration
resource "f5xc_customer_support" "example" {
  name      = "my-customer-support"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Comments. Comments are all public comments on an issue. T...
    comments {
      # Configure comments settings
    }
    # Attachments details. Information about any attachments (s...
    attachments_info {
      # Configure attachments_info settings
    }
    # Ticket which this one relates to. Optional reference to a...
    relates_to {
      # Configure relates_to settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

`name` - (Required) Name of the CustomerSupport. Must be unique within the namespace (`String`).

`namespace` - (Required) Namespace where the CustomerSupport will be created (`String`).


The following arguments are optional:

`annotations` - (Optional) Annotations to apply to this resource (`Map`).

`category` - (Optional) Category. ticket area further narrows down the ticket - infrastructure, application, dashboards can be examples (`String`).

`comments` - (Optional) Comments. Comments are all public comments on an issue. They're usually conversation between the support personnel and the customer. See [Comments](#comments) below for details.

`description` - (Optional) Description. customer's description of the issue (free text) (`String`).

`labels` - (Optional) Labels to apply to this resource (`Map`).

`ongoing` - (Optional) Ongoing. Ongoing is a flag that indicates whether the issue is ongoing or not (`Bool`).

`priority` - (Optional) Priority. Support ticket priority helps understand importance of the ticket and focus more on more critical issues (`String`).

`product_data` - (Optional) Product Data. Product data is a free text field that can be used to describe the issue in more detail (`String`).

`relates_to` - (Optional) Ticket which this one relates to. Optional reference to any original ticket in case the ticket being created is a followup. See [Relates To](#relates-to) below for details.

`service` - (Optional) Support Service. Indicates the list of support service Unknown Support Service Account Protection Support Service Administration Support Service Application Traffic Insight Support Service Audit Lo... (`String`).

`status` - (Optional) Support Ticket Status. State of the ticket so the customers know if the problem is being looked into Unknown or empty support ticket status Indicates a new ticket, waiting to be assigned to an agen... (`String`).

`subject` - (Optional) Subject. subject of the ticket (`String`).

`timeline` - (Optional) Timeline. Timeline is a free text field that can be used to describe the issue in more detail (`String`).

`topic` - (Optional) Support Topic. Support Topic indicates the list of topics for service tickets Unknown/empty priority ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_ACCESS_REQUEST ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_ACCOUNT ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_BILLING... (`String`).

`tp_id` - (Optional) Third Party ID. ID assigned to this ticket by our support provider (`String`).

`type` - (Optional) Support Ticket. Several types of issues are supported, such as problems, questions. Unknown or empty ticket type Indicates a problem (e.g (`String`).


### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

`id` - (Optional) Unique identifier for the resource (`String`).


---

<a id="nestedblock--comments"></a>
### Comments

`attachment_ids` - (Optional) Attachment IDs. Third party id of any attachment related to this ticket comment (`List`).

`attachments_info` - (Optional) Attachments details. Information about any attachments (such as screenshots, plain text files) the comment can have. See [Attachments Info](#nestedblock--comments--attachments_info) below.

`author_email` - (Optional) Email. Email of the author of the comment (`String`).

`author_name` - (Optional) Author. Author of the comment (as a name) (`String`).

`created_at` - (Optional) At. Comment creation time (`String`).

`html` - (Optional) Comment. Comment body as HTML (`String`).

`plain_text` - (Optional) Comment. Comment body as plain text (`String`).

<a id="nestedblock--comments--attachments_info"></a>
### Comments Attachments Info

`attachment` - (Optional) Attachment data. Any binary attachment (such as screenshots, plain text files, PDFs) encoded as base64 if used over HTTP (`String`).

`content_type` - (Optional) Content type. Mime content type of the attachment. Helps the UI to properly display the data (`String`).

`filename` - (Optional) Filename. Filename of the attachment as provided by the caller (`String`).

`tp_id` - (Optional) 3rd party ID. Optional ID as assigned by the 3rd party actually storing the data (`String`).

<a id="nestedblock--relates_to"></a>
### Relates To

`kind` - (Optional) Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route') (`String`).

`name` - (Optional) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name (`String`).

`namespace` - (Optional) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace (`String`).

`tenant` - (Optional) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant (`String`).

`uid` - (Optional) UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid (`String`).


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_customer_support.example system/example
```

