---
page_title: "f5xc_dns_compliance_checks Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages DNS Compliance Checks Specification in a given namespace. If one already exists it will give an error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_dns_compliance_checks (Resource)

Manages DNS Compliance Checks Specification in a given namespace. If one already exists it will give an error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [DNS Compliance Checks API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/dns-compliance-checks) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# DNS Compliance Checks Resource Example
# Manages DNS Compliance Checks Specification in a given namespace. If one already exists it will give an error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic DNS Compliance Checks configuration
resource "f5xc_dns_compliance_checks" "example" {
  name      = "example-dns-compliance-checks"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the DNSComplianceChecks. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the DNSComplianceChecks will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`disallowed_query_type_list`](#disallowed-query-type-list) - Optional List  Defaults to `QUERY`<br>Possible values are `QUERY`, `IQUERY`, `STATUS`, `NOTIFY`, `UPDATE`<br>Disallowed Query Type Values. Disallowed Query Type Values

&#x2022; [`disallowed_resource_record_type_list`](#disallowed-resource-record-type-list) - Optional List  Defaults to `T`<br>Possible values are `T`, `A`, `NS`, `MD`, `MF`, `CNAME`, `SOA`, `MB`, `MG`, `MR`, `NULL`, `WKS`, `PTR`, `HINFO`, `MINFO`, `MX`, `TXT`, `RP`, `AFSDB`, `X25`, `ISDN`, `RT`, `NSAP`, `NSAP_PTR`, `SIG`, `KEY`, `PX`, `GPOS`, `AAAA`, `LOC`, `NXT`, `EID`, `NIMLOC`, `SRV`, `ATMA`, `NAPTR`, `KX`, `CERT`, `A6`, `DNAME`, `SINK`, `OPT`, `APL`, `DS`, `SSHFP`, `IPSECKEY`, `RRSIG`, `NSEC`, `DNSKEY`, `DHCID`, `NSEC3`, `NSEC3PARAM`, `TLSA`, `SMIMEA`, `HIP`, `NINFO`, `RKEY`, `TALINK`, `CDS`, `CDNSKEY`, `OPENPGPKEY`, `CSYNC`, `SPF`, `UINFO`, `UID`, `GID`, `UNSPEC`, `NID`, `L32`, `L64`, `LP`, `EUI48`, `EUI64`, `TKEY`, `TSIG`, `IXFR`, `AXFR`, `MAILB`, `MAILA`, `URI`, `CAA`, `TA`, `DLV`<br>Disallowed Resource Record Types. Disallowed Resource Record Type List

&#x2022; [`domain_denylist`](#domain-denylist) - Optional List<br>Domain Deny list. List of domains to be denied by configuration object

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A `timeouts` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_dns_compliance_checks.example system/example
```
