---
page_title: "f5xc_dns_load_balancer Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages DNS Load Balancer in a given namespace. If one already exist it will give a error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_dns_load_balancer (Resource)

Manages DNS Load Balancer in a given namespace. If one already exist it will give a error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [DNS Load Balancer API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/dns-load-balancer) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# DNS Load Balancer Resource Example
# Manages DNS Load Balancer in a given namespace. If one already exist it will give a error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic DNS Load Balancer configuration
resource "f5xc_dns_load_balancer" "example" {
  name      = "example-dns-load-balancer"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # DNS Load Balancer configuration
  record_type = "A"

  # DNS zone reference
  dns_zone {
    name      = "example-dns-zone"
    namespace = "staging"
  }

  # Rule-based load balancing
  rule_list {
    rules {
      geo_location_set {
        name      = "us-geo"
        namespace = "shared"
      }
      pool {
        name      = "us-pool"
        namespace = "staging"
      }
      score = 100
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the DNSLoadBalancer. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the DNSLoadBalancer will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`fallback_pool`](#fallback-pool) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Fallback Pool](#fallback-pool) below for details.

&#x2022; [`record_type`](#record-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `A`<br>Possible values are `A`, `AAAA`, `MX`, `CNAME`, `SRV`<br>Resource Record Type. Resource Record Type - A: A - AAAA: AAAA - MX: MX - CNAME: CNAME - SRV: SRV

&#x2022; [`response_cache`](#response-cache) - Optional Block<br>Response Cache. Response Cache x-required<br>See [Response Cache](#response-cache) below for details.

&#x2022; [`rule_list`](#rule-list) - Optional Block<br>Load Balancing Rule List. List of the Load Balancing Rules<br>See [Rule List](#rule-list) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Fallback Pool

A [`fallback_pool`](#fallback-pool) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Response Cache

A [`response_cache`](#response-cache) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_response_cache_parameters`](#default-response-cache-parameters) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`response_cache_parameters`](#response-cache-parameters) - Optional Block<br>Response Cache Parameters<br>See [Response Cache Parameters](#response-cache-response-cache-parameters) below.

#### Response Cache Response Cache Parameters

A [`response_cache_parameters`](#response-cache-response-cache-parameters) block (within [`response_cache`](#response-cache)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cache_cidr_ipv4`](#cache-cidr-ipv4) - Optional Number<br>Length of IPv4 CIDR masks. Length of CIDR masks used to group IPv4 clients

&#x2022; [`cache_cidr_ipv6`](#cache-cidr-ipv6) - Optional Number<br>Length of IPv6 CIDR masks. Length of CIDR masks used to group IPv6 clients

&#x2022; [`cache_ttl`](#cache-ttl) - Optional Number<br>TTL. TTL for response cache

#### Rule List

A [`rule_list`](#rule-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`rules`](#rules) - Optional Block<br>Load Balancing Rules. Rules to perform load balancing<br>See [Rules](#rule-list-rules) below.

#### Rule List Rules

A [`rules`](#rule-list-rules) block (within [`rule_list`](#rule-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`asn_list`](#asn-list) - Optional Block<br>ASN Match List. An unordered set of RFC 6793 defined 4-byte AS numbers that can be used to create allow or deny lists for use in network policy or service policy. It can be used to create the allow list only for DNS Load Balancer<br>See [Asn List](#rule-list-rules-asn-list) below.

&#x2022; [`asn_matcher`](#asn-matcher) - Optional Block<br>ASN Matcher. Match any AS number contained in the list of bgp_asn_sets<br>See [Asn Matcher](#rule-list-rules-asn-matcher) below.

&#x2022; [`geo_location_label_selector`](#geo-location-label-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string `<selector-syntax>` ::= `<requirement>` | `<requirement>` ',' `<selector-syntax>` `<requirement>` ::= [!] KEY [ `<set-based-restriction>` | `<exact-match-restriction>` ] `<set-based-restriction>` ::= '' | `<inclusion-exclusion>` `<value-set>` `<inclusion-exclusion>` ::= `<inclusion>` | `<exclusion>` `<exclusion>` ::= 'notin' `<inclusion>` ::= 'in' `<value-set>` ::= '(' `<values>` ')' `<values>` ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' `<values>` `<exact-match-restriction>` ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [Geo Location Label Selector](#rule-list-rules-geo-location-label-selector) below.

&#x2022; [`geo_location_set`](#geo-location-set) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Geo Location Set](#rule-list-rules-geo-location-set) below.

&#x2022; [`ip_prefix_list`](#ip-prefix-list) - Optional Block<br>IP Prefix Match List. List of IP Prefix strings to match against<br>See [IP Prefix List](#rule-list-rules-ip-prefix-list) below.

&#x2022; [`ip_prefix_set`](#ip-prefix-set) - Optional Block<br>IP Prefix Matcher. Match any IP prefix contained in the list of ip_prefix_sets. The result of the match is inverted if invert_matcher is true<br>See [IP Prefix Set](#rule-list-rules-ip-prefix-set) below.

&#x2022; [`pool`](#pool) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Pool](#rule-list-rules-pool) below.

&#x2022; [`score`](#score) - Optional Number<br>Score. When multiple load balancing rules match a query, the one with the highest score is chosen

#### Rule List Rules Asn List

An [`asn_list`](#rule-list-rules-asn-list) block (within [`rule_list.rules`](#rule-list-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`as_numbers`](#as-numbers) - Optional List<br>AS Numbers. An unordered set of RFC 6793 defined 4-byte AS numbers that can be used to create allow or deny lists for use in network policy or service policy. It can be used to create the allow list only for DNS Load Balancer

#### Rule List Rules Asn Matcher

An [`asn_matcher`](#rule-list-rules-asn-matcher) block (within [`rule_list.rules`](#rule-list-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`asn_sets`](#asn-sets) - Optional Block<br>BGP ASN Sets. A list of references to bgp_asn_set objects<br>See [Asn Sets](#rule-list-rules-asn-matcher-asn-sets) below.

#### Rule List Rules Asn Matcher Asn Sets

An [`asn_sets`](#rule-list-rules-asn-matcher-asn-sets) block (within [`rule_list.rules.asn_matcher`](#rule-list-rules-asn-matcher)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Rule List Rules Geo Location Label Selector

A [`geo_location_label_selector`](#rule-list-rules-geo-location-label-selector) block (within [`rule_list.rules`](#rule-list-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`expressions`](#expressions) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

#### Rule List Rules Geo Location Set

A [`geo_location_set`](#rule-list-rules-geo-location-set) block (within [`rule_list.rules`](#rule-list-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Rule List Rules IP Prefix List

An [`ip_prefix_list`](#rule-list-rules-ip-prefix-list) block (within [`rule_list.rules`](#rule-list-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`invert_match`](#invert-match) - Optional Bool<br>Invert Match Result. Invert the match result

&#x2022; [`ip_prefixes`](#ip-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefix strings

#### Rule List Rules IP Prefix Set

An [`ip_prefix_set`](#rule-list-rules-ip-prefix-set) block (within [`rule_list.rules`](#rule-list-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`invert_matcher`](#invert-matcher) - Optional Bool<br>Invert IP Matcher. Invert the match result

&#x2022; [`prefix_sets`](#prefix-sets) - Optional Block<br>IP Prefix Sets. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects<br>See [Prefix Sets](#rule-list-rules-ip-prefix-set-prefix-sets) below.

#### Rule List Rules IP Prefix Set Prefix Sets

A [`prefix_sets`](#rule-list-rules-ip-prefix-set-prefix-sets) block (within [`rule_list.rules.ip_prefix_set`](#rule-list-rules-ip-prefix-set)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Rule List Rules Pool

A [`pool`](#rule-list-rules-pool) block (within [`rule_list.rules`](#rule-list-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_dns_load_balancer.example system/example
```
