---
page_title: "f5xc_dns_zone Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a DNSZone resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_dns_zone (Resource)

Manages a DNSZone resource in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Dns Zone Resource Example
# Manages DNS Zone in a given namespace. If one already exist it will give a error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Dns Zone configuration
resource "f5xc_dns_zone" "example" {
  name      = "example-dns-zone"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # DNS Zone configuration
  # Primary DNS zone
  primary {
    soa_record_parameters {
      refresh = 86400
      retry   = 7200
      expire  = 3600000
      ttl     = 86400
      neg_ttl = 1800
    }
    default_rr_set_group {}
    default_soa_parameters {}
    dnssec_mode {
      disable {}
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the DNSZone. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the DNSZone will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`primary_servers`](#primary-servers) - Optional List<br>DNS Primary Server IP

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

&#x2022; [`tsig_key_algorithm`](#tsig-key-algorithm) - Optional String  Defaults to `UNDEFINED`<br>Possible values are `HMAC_MD5`, `UNDEFINED`, `HMAC_SHA1`, `HMAC_SHA224`, `HMAC_SHA256`, `HMAC_SHA384`, `HMAC_SHA512`<br>TSIG Key Algorithm. TSIG key value must be compatible with the specified algorithm - UNDEFINED: UNDEFINED - HMAC_MD5: HMAC_MD5 - HMAC_SHA1: HMAC_SHA1 - HMAC_SHA224: HMAC_SHA224 - HMAC_SHA256: HMAC_SHA256 - HMAC_SHA384: HMAC_SHA384 - HMAC_SHA512: HMAC_SHA512

&#x2022; [`tsig_key_name`](#tsig-key-name) - Optional String<br>TSIG Key Name. TSIG key name as used in TSIG protocol extension

&#x2022; [`tsig_key_value`](#tsig-key-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Tsig Key Value](#tsig-key-value) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A `timeouts` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

<a id="tsig-key-value"></a>

**Tsig Key Value**

A `tsig_key_value` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#tsig-key-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#tsig-key-value-clear-secret-info) below.

<a id="tsig-key-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>

**Blindfold Secret Info**

A `blindfold_secret_info` block (within `tsig_key_value`) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="tsig-key-value-clear-secret-info"></a>

**Clear Secret Info**

A `clear_secret_info` block (within `tsig_key_value`) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_dns_zone.example system/example
```
