---
page_title: "f5xc_dns_lb_health_check Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages DNS Load Balancer Health Check in a given namespace. If one already exist it will give a error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_dns_lb_health_check (Resource)

Manages DNS Load Balancer Health Check in a given namespace. If one already exist it will give a error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [DNS LB Health Check API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/dns-lb-health-check) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# DNS LB Health Check Resource Example
# Manages DNS Load Balancer Health Check in a given namespace. If one already exist it will give a error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic DNS LB Health Check configuration
resource "f5xc_dns_lb_health_check" "example" {
  name      = "example-dns-lb-health-check"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: http_health_check, https_health_check, icmp_healt...
  http_health_check {
    # Configure http_health_check settings
  }
  # HTTP Health Check.
  https_health_check {
    # Configure https_health_check settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  icmp_health_check {
    # Configure icmp_health_check settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the DNSLbHealthCheck. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the DNSLbHealthCheck will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`http_health_check`](#http-health-check) - Optional Block<br>HTTP Health Check<br>See [HTTP Health Check](#http-health-check) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`https_health_check`](#https-health-check) - Optional Block<br>HTTP Health Check<br>See [HTTPS Health Check](#https-health-check) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`icmp_health_check`](#icmp-health-check) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`tcp_health_check`](#tcp-health-check) - Optional Block<br>TCP Health Check<br>See [TCP Health Check](#tcp-health-check) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`tcp_hex_health_check`](#tcp-hex-health-check) - Optional Block<br>TCP Hex Health Check<br>See [TCP Hex Health Check](#tcp-hex-health-check) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`udp_health_check`](#udp-health-check) - Optional Block<br>UDP Health Check<br>See [UDP Health Check](#udp-health-check) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### HTTP Health Check

A [`http_health_check`](#http-health-check) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`health_check_port`](#health-check-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Port. Port used for performing health check

&#x2022; [`health_check_secondary_port`](#health-check-secondary-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Secondary Port. Secondary port used for performing health check. If included, both ports must be healthy for the health check to pass

&#x2022; [`receive`](#receive) - Optional String<br>Receive String. Regular expression used to match against the response to the health check's request. Mark node up upon receipt of a successful regular expression match. Uses re2 regular expression syntax

&#x2022; [`send`](#send) - Optional String<br>Send String. HTTP payload to send to the target

#### HTTPS Health Check

A [`https_health_check`](#https-health-check) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`health_check_port`](#health-check-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Port. Port used for performing health check

&#x2022; [`health_check_secondary_port`](#health-check-secondary-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Secondary Port. Secondary port used for performing health check. If included, both ports must be healthy for the health check to pass

&#x2022; [`receive`](#receive) - Optional String<br>Receive String. Regular expression used to match against the response to the health check's request. Mark node up upon receipt of a successful regular expression match. Uses re2 regular expression syntax

&#x2022; [`send`](#send) - Optional String<br>Send String. HTTP payload to send to the target

#### TCP Health Check

A [`tcp_health_check`](#tcp-health-check) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`health_check_port`](#health-check-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Port. Port used for performing health check

&#x2022; [`health_check_secondary_port`](#health-check-secondary-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Secondary Port. Secondary port used for performing health check. If included, both ports must be healthy for the health check to pass

&#x2022; [`receive`](#receive) - Optional String<br>Receive String. Regular expression used to match against the response to the monitor's request. Mark node up upon receipt of a successful regular expression match. Uses re2 regular expression syntax

&#x2022; [`send`](#send) - Optional String<br>Send String. Send this string to target (default empty. When send and receive are both empty, monitor just tests 3WHS)

#### TCP Hex Health Check

A [`tcp_hex_health_check`](#tcp-hex-health-check) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`health_check_port`](#health-check-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Port. Port used for performing health check

&#x2022; [`health_check_secondary_port`](#health-check-secondary-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Secondary Port. Secondary port used for performing health check. If included, both ports must be healthy for the health check to pass

&#x2022; [`receive`](#receive) - Optional String<br>Receive Payload. Hex encoded raw bytes expected in the response

&#x2022; [`send`](#send) - Optional String<br>Send Payload. Hex encoded raw bytes sent in the request. Empty payloads imply a connect-only health check

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

#### UDP Health Check

An [`udp_health_check`](#udp-health-check) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`health_check_port`](#health-check-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Port. Port used for performing health check

&#x2022; [`health_check_secondary_port`](#health-check-secondary-port) - Optional Number<br>Health Check Secondary Port. Secondary port used for performing health check. If included, both ports must be healthy for the health check to pass

&#x2022; [`receive`](#receive) - Optional String<br>Receive String. UDP response to be matched. It can be a regex

&#x2022; [`send`](#send) - Optional String<br>Send String. UDP payload

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_dns_lb_health_check.example system/example
```
