---
page_title: "f5xc_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Load Balancing"
description: |-
  [Namespace: required] Manages endpoint will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_endpoint (Resource)

[Namespace: required] Manages endpoint will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Endpoint API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/endpoint) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Endpoint Resource Example
# [Namespace: required] Manages endpoint will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Endpoint configuration
resource "f5xc_endpoint" "example" {
  name      = "example-endpoint"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # DNS Name Advanced Type. Specifies name and TTL used for D...
  dns_name_advanced {
    # Configure dns_name_advanced settings
  }
  # Service Info Type. Specifies whether endpoint service is ...
  service_info {
    # Configure service_info settings
  }
  # Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'sel...
  service_selector {
    # Configure service_selector settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Endpoint. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Endpoint will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="dns-name"></a>[`dns_name`](#dns-name) - Optional String<br>Endpoint Name. Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="dns-name-advanced"></a>[`dns_name_advanced`](#dns-name-advanced) - Optional Block<br>DNS Name Advanced Type. Specifies name and TTL used for DNS resolution<br>See [DNS Name Advanced](#dns-name-advanced) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="ip"></a>[`ip`](#ip) - Optional String<br>Endpoint IP Address. Endpoint is reachable at the given IPv4/IPv6 address
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="service-info"></a>[`service_info`](#service-info) - Optional Block<br>Service Info Type. Specifies whether endpoint service is discovered by name or labels<br>See [Service Info](#service-info) below for details.

<a id="health-check-port"></a>&#x2022; [`health_check_port`](#health-check-port) - Optional Number<br>Port used for health check. By default the health check port of an endpoint is the same as the endpoint’s port. This option provides an alternative health check port. Setting this with a non-zero value allows an endpoint to have different health check port

<a id="port"></a>&#x2022; [`port`](#port) - Optional Number<br>Port. Endpoint service is available on this port

<a id="protocol"></a>&#x2022; [`protocol`](#protocol) - Optional String<br>Protocol. Endpoint protocol. Default is TCP. Both TCP and UDP protocols are supported

<a id="snat-pool"></a>&#x2022; [`snat_pool`](#snat-pool) - Optional Block<br>Snat Pool. Snat Pool configuration<br>See [Snat Pool](#snat-pool) below for details.

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

<a id="where"></a>&#x2022; [`where`](#where) - Optional Block<br>Network or Site Reference. NetworkSiteRefSelector defines a union of reference to site or reference to virtual_network or reference to virtual_site It is used to determine virtual network using following rules \* Direct reference to virtual_network object \* Site local network when refering to site object \* All site local networks for sites selected by refering to virtual_site object<br>See [Where](#where) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### DNS Name Advanced

A [`dns_name_advanced`](#dns-name-advanced) block supports the following:

<a id="dns-name-advanced-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dns-name-advanced-name) - Optional String<br>Endpoint DNS Name. Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

<a id="dns-name-advanced-refresh-interval"></a>&#x2022; [`refresh_interval`](#dns-name-advanced-refresh-interval) - Optional Number<br>DNS Refresh Interval. Interval for DNS refresh in seconds

#### Service Info

A [`service_info`](#service-info) block supports the following:

<a id="service-info-discovery-type"></a>&#x2022; [`discovery_type`](#service-info-discovery-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `INVALID_DISCOVERY`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_DISCOVERY`, `K8S`, `CONSUL`, `CLASSIC_BIGIP`, `THIRD_PARTY`<br>[Enum: INVALID_DISCOVERY|K8S|CONSUL|CLASSIC_BIGIP|THIRD_PARTY] Discovery Type. Specifies whether the discovery is from Kubernetes or Consul cluster Invalid Discovery mechanism Discover from Kubernetes cluster Discover from Consul service Discover from Classic BIG-IP Clusters Discover for Third Party Application

<a id="service-info-service-name"></a>&#x2022; [`service_name`](#service-info-service-name) - Optional String<br>Service Name. Name of the service to discover with an optional namespace and cluster identifier. The format is service_name.namespace_name:cluster_identifier for K8S and service_name:cluster_identifier for Consul Endpoint will be discovered in all discovery objects where the cluster identifier matches. If cluster identifier is not specified then discovery will be done in all discovery objects of the site

<a id="service-info-service-selector"></a>&#x2022; [`service_selector`](#service-info-service-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string `<selector-syntax>` ::= `<requirement>` | `<requirement>` ',' `<selector-syntax>` `<requirement>` ::= [!] KEY [ `<set-based-restriction>` | `<exact-match-restriction>` ] `<set-based-restriction>` ::= '' | `<inclusion-exclusion>` `<value-set>` `<inclusion-exclusion>` ::= `<inclusion>` | `<exclusion>` `<exclusion>` ::= 'notin' `<inclusion>` ::= 'in' `<value-set>` ::= '(' `<values>` ')' `<values>` ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' `<values>` `<exact-match-restriction>` ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [Service Selector](#service-info-service-selector) below.

#### Service Info Service Selector

A [`service_selector`](#service-info-service-selector) block (within [`service_info`](#service-info)) supports the following:

<a id="expressions-954c46"></a>&#x2022; [`expressions`](#expressions-954c46) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

#### Snat Pool

A [`snat_pool`](#snat-pool) block supports the following:

<a id="snat-pool-no-snat-pool"></a>&#x2022; [`no_snat_pool`](#snat-pool-no-snat-pool) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="snat-pool-snat-pool"></a>&#x2022; [`snat_pool`](#snat-pool-snat-pool) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint<br>See [Snat Pool](#snat-pool-snat-pool) below.

#### Snat Pool Snat Pool

A [`snat_pool`](#snat-pool-snat-pool) block (within [`snat_pool`](#snat-pool)) supports the following:

<a id="snat-pool-snat-pool-prefixes"></a>&#x2022; [`prefixes`](#snat-pool-snat-pool-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### Where

A [`where`](#where) block supports the following:

<a id="where-site"></a>&#x2022; [`site`](#where-site) - Optional Block<br>Site Reference. This specifies a direct reference to a site configuration object<br>See [Site](#where-site) below.

<a id="where-virtual-network"></a>&#x2022; [`virtual_network`](#where-virtual-network) - Optional Block<br>Network Reference. This specifies a direct reference to a network configuration object<br>See [Virtual Network](#where-virtual-network) below.

<a id="where-virtual-site"></a>&#x2022; [`virtual_site`](#where-virtual-site) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Site. A reference to virtual_site object<br>See [Virtual Site](#where-virtual-site) below.

#### Where Site

A [`site`](#where-site) block (within [`where`](#where)) supports the following:

<a id="where-site-disable-internet-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_internet_vip`](#where-site-disable-internet-vip) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="where-site-enable-internet-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_internet_vip`](#where-site-enable-internet-vip) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="where-site-network-type"></a>&#x2022; [`network_type`](#where-site-network-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`<br>Possible values are `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT`<br>[Enum: VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT] Virtual Network Type. Different types of virtual networks understood by the system Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL provides connectivity to public (outside) network. This is an insecure network and is connected to public internet via NAT Gateways/firwalls Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created automatically and present on all sites Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE is a private network inside site. It is a secure network and is not connected to public network. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created during provisioning of site User defined per-site virtual network. Scope of this virtual network is limited to the site. This is not yet supported Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC directly conects to the public internet. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on RE sites only It is an internally created by the system. They must not be created by user Virtual Neworks with global scope across different sites in F5XC domain. An example global virtual-network called 'AIN Network' is created for every tenant. for volterra fabric Constraints: It is currently only supported as internally created by the system. vK8s service network for a given tenant. Used to advertise a virtual host only to vk8s pods for that tenant Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user VER internal network for the site. It can only be used for virtual hosts with SMA_PROXY type proxy Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE represents both VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL and VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an advertise policy When virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO is selected for an endpoint, VER will try to determine the network based on the provided IP address Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an endpoint VoltADN Private Network is used on volterra RE(s) to connect to customer private networks This network is created by opening a support ticket This network is per site srv6 network VER IP Fabric network for the site. This Virtual network type is used for exposing virtual host on IP Fabric network on the VER site or for endpoint in IP Fabric network Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Network internally created for a segment Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user

<a id="where-site-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`ref`](#where-site-ref) - Optional Block<br>Reference. A site direct reference<br>See [Ref](#where-site-ref) below.

#### Where Site Ref

A [`ref`](#where-site-ref) block (within [`where.site`](#where-site)) supports the following:

<a id="where-site-ref-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#where-site-ref-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="where-site-ref-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#where-site-ref-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="where-site-ref-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#where-site-ref-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="where-site-ref-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#where-site-ref-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="where-site-ref-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#where-site-ref-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Where Virtual Network

A [`virtual_network`](#where-virtual-network) block (within [`where`](#where)) supports the following:

<a id="where-virtual-network-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`ref`](#where-virtual-network-ref) - Optional Block<br>Reference. A virtual network direct reference<br>See [Ref](#where-virtual-network-ref) below.

#### Where Virtual Network Ref

A [`ref`](#where-virtual-network-ref) block (within [`where.virtual_network`](#where-virtual-network)) supports the following:

<a id="where-virtual-network-ref-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#where-virtual-network-ref-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="where-virtual-network-ref-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#where-virtual-network-ref-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="where-virtual-network-ref-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#where-virtual-network-ref-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="where-virtual-network-ref-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#where-virtual-network-ref-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="where-virtual-network-ref-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#where-virtual-network-ref-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Where Virtual Site

A [`virtual_site`](#where-virtual-site) block (within [`where`](#where)) supports the following:

<a id="where-virtual-site-disable-internet-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_internet_vip`](#where-virtual-site-disable-internet-vip) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="where-virtual-site-enable-internet-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_internet_vip`](#where-virtual-site-enable-internet-vip) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="where-virtual-site-network-type"></a>&#x2022; [`network_type`](#where-virtual-site-network-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`<br>Possible values are `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT`<br>[Enum: VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT] Virtual Network Type. Different types of virtual networks understood by the system Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL provides connectivity to public (outside) network. This is an insecure network and is connected to public internet via NAT Gateways/firwalls Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created automatically and present on all sites Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE is a private network inside site. It is a secure network and is not connected to public network. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created during provisioning of site User defined per-site virtual network. Scope of this virtual network is limited to the site. This is not yet supported Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC directly conects to the public internet. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on RE sites only It is an internally created by the system. They must not be created by user Virtual Neworks with global scope across different sites in F5XC domain. An example global virtual-network called 'AIN Network' is created for every tenant. for volterra fabric Constraints: It is currently only supported as internally created by the system. vK8s service network for a given tenant. Used to advertise a virtual host only to vk8s pods for that tenant Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user VER internal network for the site. It can only be used for virtual hosts with SMA_PROXY type proxy Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE represents both VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL and VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an advertise policy When virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO is selected for an endpoint, VER will try to determine the network based on the provided IP address Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an endpoint VoltADN Private Network is used on volterra RE(s) to connect to customer private networks This network is created by opening a support ticket This network is per site srv6 network VER IP Fabric network for the site. This Virtual network type is used for exposing virtual host on IP Fabric network on the VER site or for endpoint in IP Fabric network Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Network internally created for a segment Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user

<a id="where-virtual-site-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`ref`](#where-virtual-site-ref) - Optional Block<br>Reference. A virtual_site direct reference<br>See [Ref](#where-virtual-site-ref) below.

#### Where Virtual Site Ref

A [`ref`](#where-virtual-site-ref) block (within [`where.virtual_site`](#where-virtual-site)) supports the following:

<a id="where-virtual-site-ref-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#where-virtual-site-ref-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="where-virtual-site-ref-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#where-virtual-site-ref-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="where-virtual-site-ref-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#where-virtual-site-ref-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="where-virtual-site-ref-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#where-virtual-site-ref-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="where-virtual-site-ref-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#where-virtual-site-ref-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_endpoint.example system/example
```
