---
page_title: "f5xc_enhanced_firewall_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a EnhancedFirewallPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for enhanced firewall policy configuration.
---

# f5xc_enhanced_firewall_policy (Resource)

Manages a EnhancedFirewallPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for enhanced firewall policy configuration.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Enhanced Firewall Policy Resource Example
# Manages a EnhancedFirewallPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for enhanced firewall policy configuration.

# Basic Enhanced Firewall Policy configuration
resource "f5xc_enhanced_firewall_policy" "example" {
  name      = "example-enhanced-firewall-policy"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Enhanced Firewall Policy configuration
  rule_list {
    rules {
      metadata {
        name = "allow-web-traffic"
      }
      allow {}
      advanced_action {
        action = "LOG"
      }
      source_prefix_list {
        ip_prefix_set {
          name      = "trusted-ips"
          namespace = "system"
        }
      }
      all_traffic {}
    }
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the EnhancedFirewallPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the EnhancedFirewallPolicy will be created.

### Optional

- `allow_all` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: allow_all, allowed_destinations, allowed_sources, denied_destinations, denied_sources, deny_all, rule_list] Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allow_all))
- `allowed_destinations` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix List. List of IP Address prefixes. Prefix must contain both prefix and prefix-length The list can contain mix of both IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_destinations))
- `allowed_sources` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix List. List of IP Address prefixes. Prefix must contain both prefix and prefix-length The list can contain mix of both IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_sources))
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `denied_destinations` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix List. List of IP Address prefixes. Prefix must contain both prefix and prefix-length The list can contain mix of both IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--denied_destinations))
- `denied_sources` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix List. List of IP Address prefixes. Prefix must contain both prefix and prefix-length The list can contain mix of both IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--denied_sources))
- `deny_all` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--deny_all))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `rule_list` (Block, Optional) Custom Enhanced Firewall Policy Rules. Custom Enhanced Firewall Policy Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--allow_all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_all`


<a id="nestedblock--allowed_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_destinations`

Optional:

- `prefix` (List of String) Prefix. IP Address prefix in string format. String must contain both prefix and prefix-length


<a id="nestedblock--allowed_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_sources`

Optional:

- `prefix` (List of String) Prefix. IP Address prefix in string format. String must contain both prefix and prefix-length


<a id="nestedblock--denied_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `denied_destinations`

Optional:

- `prefix` (List of String) Prefix. IP Address prefix in string format. String must contain both prefix and prefix-length


<a id="nestedblock--denied_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `denied_sources`

Optional:

- `prefix` (List of String) Prefix. IP Address prefix in string format. String must contain both prefix and prefix-length


<a id="nestedblock--deny_all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deny_all`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list`

Optional:

- `rules` (Block List) List of Enhanced Firewall Policy Rules. Ordered List of Enhanced Firewall Policy Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules`

Optional:

- `advanced_action` (Block, Optional) Network Policy Rule Advanced Action. Network Policy Rule Advanced Action provides additional options along with RuleAction and PBRRuleAction (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--advanced_action))
- `all_destinations` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_destinations))
- `all_sli_vips` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_sli_vips))
- `all_slo_vips` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_slo_vips))
- `all_sources` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_sources))
- `all_tcp_traffic` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_tcp_traffic))
- `all_traffic` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_traffic))
- `all_udp_traffic` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_udp_traffic))
- `allow` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--allow))
- `applications` (Block, Optional) Applications. Application protocols like HTTP, SNMP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--applications))
- `deny` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--deny))
- `destination_aws_vpc_ids` (Block, Optional) AWS VPC List. List of VPC Identifiers in AWS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_aws_vpc_ids))
- `destination_ip_prefix_set` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix Set Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_ip_prefix_set))
- `destination_label_selector` (Block, Optional) Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings ar... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_label_selector))
- `destination_prefix_list` (Block, Optional) IPv4 Prefix List. x-example: '192.168.20.0/24' List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_prefix_list))
- `insert_service` (Block, Optional) Policy Action to Forward Traffic to External Service. Action to forward traffic to external service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--insert_service))
- `inside_destinations` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--inside_destinations))
- `inside_sources` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--inside_sources))
- `label_matcher` (Block, Optional) Label Matcher. A label matcher specifies a list of label keys whose values need to match for source/client and destination/server. Note that the actual label values are not specified and do not matter. This allows an ability to scope grouping by the label key name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--label_matcher))
- `metadata` (Block, Optional) Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--metadata))
- `outside_destinations` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--outside_destinations))
- `outside_sources` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--outside_sources))
- `protocol_port_range` (Block, Optional) Protocol and Port. Protocol and Port ranges (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--protocol_port_range))
- `source_aws_vpc_ids` (Block, Optional) AWS VPC List. List of VPC Identifiers in AWS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_aws_vpc_ids))
- `source_ip_prefix_set` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix Set Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_ip_prefix_set))
- `source_label_selector` (Block, Optional) Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings ar... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_label_selector))
- `source_prefix_list` (Block, Optional) IPv4 Prefix List. x-example: '192.168.20.0/24' List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_prefix_list))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--advanced_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.advanced_action`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Log Action. Choice to choose logging or no logging This works together with option selected via NetworkPolicyRuleAction or any other action specified x-example: (No Selection in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + AdvancedAction as LOG) = LOG Only, (ALLOW/DENY in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + AdvancedAction as LOG) = Log and Allow/Deny, (ALLOW/DENY in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + NOLOG in AdvancedAction) = Allow/Deny with no log Don't sample the traffic hitting the rule Sample the traffic hitting the rule. Possible values are `NOLOG`, `LOG`.


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.all_destinations`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_sli_vips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.all_sli_vips`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_slo_vips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.all_slo_vips`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.all_sources`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_tcp_traffic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.all_tcp_traffic`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_traffic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.all_traffic`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--all_udp_traffic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.all_udp_traffic`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.allow`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.applications`

Optional:

- `applications` (List of String) Application Protocols. Application protocols like HTTP, SNMP


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--deny"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.deny`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_aws_vpc_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.destination_aws_vpc_ids`

Optional:

- `vpc_id` (List of String) AWS VPC List. List of VPC Identifiers in AWS


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_ip_prefix_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.destination_ip_prefix_set`

Optional:

- `ref` (Block List) Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_ip_prefix_set--ref))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_ip_prefix_set--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.destination_ip_prefix_set.ref`



<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.destination_label_selector`

Optional:

- `expressions` (List of String) Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections.


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--destination_prefix_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.destination_prefix_list`

Optional:

- `prefixes` (List of String) IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--insert_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.insert_service`

Optional:

- `nfv_service` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--insert_service--nfv_service))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--insert_service--nfv_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.insert_service.nfv_service`



<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--inside_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.inside_destinations`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--inside_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.inside_sources`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--label_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.label_matcher`

Optional:

- `keys` (List of String) Keys. The list of label key names that have to match


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.metadata`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description. Human readable description.
- `name` (String) Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format.


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--outside_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.outside_destinations`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--outside_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.outside_sources`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--protocol_port_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.protocol_port_range`

Optional:

- `port_ranges` (List of String) List of Port Ranges. List of port ranges. Each range is a single port or a pair of start and end ports e.g. 8080-8192
- `protocol` (String) Protocol. Protocol in IP packet to be used as match criteria Values are tcp, udp, and icmp


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_aws_vpc_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.source_aws_vpc_ids`

Optional:

- `vpc_id` (List of String) AWS VPC List. List of VPC Identifiers in AWS


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_ip_prefix_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.source_ip_prefix_set`

Optional:

- `ref` (Block List) Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_ip_prefix_set--ref))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_ip_prefix_set--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.source_ip_prefix_set.ref`



<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.source_label_selector`

Optional:

- `expressions` (List of String) Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections.


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--source_prefix_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.source_prefix_list`

Optional:

- `prefixes` (List of String) IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_enhanced_firewall_policy.example system/example
```
