---
page_title: "f5xc_external_connector Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  [Namespace: required] Manages a External Connector resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for external_connector configuration configuration.
---

# f5xc_external_connector (Resource)

[Namespace: required] Manages a External Connector resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for external_connector configuration configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [External Connector API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/views-external-connector) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# External Connector Resource Example
# [Namespace: required] Manages a External Connector resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for external_connector configuration configuration.

# Basic External Connector configuration
resource "f5xc_external_connector" "example" {
  name      = "example-external-connector"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  ce_site_reference {
    # Configure ce_site_reference settings
  }
  # IPSec. External Connector with IPSec tunnel
  ipsec {
    # Configure ipsec settings
  }
  # IKE Parameters. IKE configuration parameters required for...
  ike_parameters {
    # Configure ike_parameters settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the External Connector. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the External Connector will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="ce-site-reference"></a>&#x2022; [`ce_site_reference`](#ce-site-reference) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [CE Site Reference](#ce-site-reference) below for details.

<a id="ipsec"></a>&#x2022; [`ipsec`](#ipsec) - Optional Block<br>IPSec. External Connector with IPSec tunnel<br>See [Ipsec](#ipsec) below for details.

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### CE Site Reference

A [`ce_site_reference`](#ce-site-reference) block supports the following:

<a id="ce-site-reference-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#ce-site-reference-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="ce-site-reference-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#ce-site-reference-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="ce-site-reference-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#ce-site-reference-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Ipsec

An [`ipsec`](#ipsec) block supports the following:

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters"></a>&#x2022; [`ike_parameters`](#ipsec-ike-parameters) - Optional Block<br>IKE Parameters. IKE configuration parameters required for IPSec Connection type<br>See [IKE Parameters](#ipsec-ike-parameters) below.

<a id="ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters"></a>&#x2022; [`ipsec_tunnel_parameters`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters) - Optional Block<br>Configure IPSec Tunnel Parameters. In this section, we will configure the tunnel parameters, source, destination, IP addresses, and segment<br>See [Ipsec Tunnel Parameters](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters) below.

#### Ipsec IKE Parameters

An [`ike_parameters`](#ipsec-ike-parameters) block (within [`ipsec`](#ipsec)) supports the following:

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-dpd-disabled"></a>&#x2022; [`dpd_disabled`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-dpd-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="timer-0d12ec"></a>&#x2022; [`dpd_keep_alive_timer`](#timer-0d12ec) - Optional Block<br>Keepalive Timer<br>See [Dpd Keep Alive Timer](#timer-0d12ec) below.

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase1-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`ike_phase1_profile`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase1-profile) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [IKE Phase1 Profile](#ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase1-profile) below.

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase2-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`ike_phase2_profile`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase2-profile) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [IKE Phase2 Profile](#ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase2-profile) below.

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-initiator"></a>&#x2022; [`initiator`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-initiator) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-responder"></a>&#x2022; [`responder`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-responder) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`rm_hostname`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Configure an hostname Remote IKE ID

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address"></a>&#x2022; [`rm_ip_address`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address) - Optional Block<br>IP Address. IP Address used to specify an IPv4 or IPv6 address<br>See [Rm IP Address](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address) below.

<a id="ike-id-adcccf"></a>&#x2022; [`use_default_local_ike_id`](#ike-id-adcccf) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="ike-id-5fac9c"></a>&#x2022; [`use_default_remote_ike_id`](#ike-id-5fac9c) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Ipsec IKE Parameters Dpd Keep Alive Timer

A [`dpd_keep_alive_timer`](#timer-0d12ec) block (within [`ipsec.ike_parameters`](#ipsec-ike-parameters)) supports the following:

<a id="timeout-a4e757"></a>&#x2022; [`timeout`](#timeout-a4e757) - Optional Number<br>Keepalive Timer

#### Ipsec IKE Parameters IKE Phase1 Profile

An [`ike_phase1_profile`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase1-profile) block (within [`ipsec.ike_parameters`](#ipsec-ike-parameters)) supports the following:

<a id="name-0a829b"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-0a829b) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-82c294"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-82c294) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-6d0cb2"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-6d0cb2) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Ipsec IKE Parameters IKE Phase2 Profile

An [`ike_phase2_profile`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-ike-phase2-profile) block (within [`ipsec.ike_parameters`](#ipsec-ike-parameters)) supports the following:

<a id="name-73184f"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-73184f) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-2427e8"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-2427e8) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-58d877"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-58d877) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Ipsec IKE Parameters Rm IP Address

A [`rm_ip_address`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address) block (within [`ipsec.ike_parameters`](#ipsec-ike-parameters)) supports the following:

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv4"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv4`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv4) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in dot-decimal notation<br>See [IPv4](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv4) below.

<a id="ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv6"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv6) - Optional Block<br>IPv6 Address. IPv6 Address specified as hexadecimal numbers separated by ':'<br>See [IPv6](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv6) below.

#### Ipsec IKE Parameters Rm IP Address IPv4

An [`ipv4`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv4) block (within [`ipsec.ike_parameters.rm_ip_address`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address)) supports the following:

<a id="addr-b80bce"></a>&#x2022; [`addr`](#addr-b80bce) - Optional String<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in string form with dot-decimal notation

#### Ipsec IKE Parameters Rm IP Address IPv6

An [`ipv6`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address-ipv6) block (within [`ipsec.ike_parameters.rm_ip_address`](#ipsec-ike-parameters-rm-ip-address)) supports the following:

<a id="addr-bd8e56"></a>&#x2022; [`addr`](#addr-bd8e56) - Optional String<br>IPv6 Address. IPv6 Address in form of string. IPv6 address must be specified as hexadecimal numbers separated by ':' The address can be compacted by suppressing zeros e.g. '2001:db8:0:0:0:0:2:1' becomes '2001:db8::2:1' or '2001:db8:0:0:0:2:0:0' becomes '2001:db8::2::'

#### Ipsec Ipsec Tunnel Parameters

An [`ipsec_tunnel_parameters`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters) block (within [`ipsec`](#ipsec)) supports the following:

<a id="address-7bfa30"></a>&#x2022; [`peer_ip_address`](#address-7bfa30) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in dot-decimal notation<br>See [Peer IP Address](#address-7bfa30) below.

<a id="ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters-psk"></a>&#x2022; [`psk`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters-psk) - Optional String<br>Pre-Shared Key. The IKE pre-shared key (PSK) is required to ensure the IKE peers can authenticate one another within IKE phase 1 negotiation

<a id="ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters-segment"></a>&#x2022; [`segment`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters-segment) - Optional Block<br>Segment Reference Type. Reference to Segment Object<br>See [Segment](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters-segment) below.

<a id="network-44cee5"></a>&#x2022; [`site_local_inside_network`](#network-44cee5) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="network-f96b8b"></a>&#x2022; [`site_local_network`](#network-f96b8b) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="eps-33e1fb"></a>&#x2022; [`tunnel_eps`](#eps-33e1fb) - Optional Block<br>Tunnel Endpoint. Configure tunnel parameters, local and remote IP addresses<br>See [Tunnel Eps](#eps-33e1fb) below.

<a id="mtu-12aafd"></a>&#x2022; [`tunnel_mtu`](#mtu-12aafd) - Optional Number<br>MTU. The tunnel MTU defines the maximum size of the packet that can be sent through the tunnel without needing to be fragmented

#### Ipsec Ipsec Tunnel Parameters Peer IP Address

A [`peer_ip_address`](#address-7bfa30) block (within [`ipsec.ipsec_tunnel_parameters`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters)) supports the following:

<a id="addr-6b5f18"></a>&#x2022; [`addr`](#addr-6b5f18) - Optional String<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in string form with dot-decimal notation

#### Ipsec Ipsec Tunnel Parameters Segment

A [`segment`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters-segment) block (within [`ipsec.ipsec_tunnel_parameters`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters)) supports the following:

<a id="refs-349f3e"></a>&#x2022; [`refs`](#refs-349f3e) - Optional Block<br>Segment. Reference to Segment Object<br>See [Refs](#refs-349f3e) below.

#### Ipsec Ipsec Tunnel Parameters Segment Refs

A [`refs`](#refs-349f3e) block (within [`ipsec.ipsec_tunnel_parameters.segment`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters-segment)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-035e6e"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-035e6e) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-cfde45"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-cfde45) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="namespace-b2c80c"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-b2c80c) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-f2a3ef"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-f2a3ef) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="uid-c4bbc4"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-c4bbc4) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Ipsec Ipsec Tunnel Parameters Tunnel Eps

A [`tunnel_eps`](#eps-33e1fb) block (within [`ipsec.ipsec_tunnel_parameters`](#ipsec-ipsec-tunnel-parameters)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-ea47ac"></a>&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface-ea47ac) - Optional String<br>Interface. For the chosen node, specify the interface that will be the tunnel source

<a id="tunnel-ip-fefab5"></a>&#x2022; [`local_tunnel_ip`](#tunnel-ip-fefab5) - Optional String<br>Local Tunnel IP Address/Prefix Length. For a particular tunnel on a node, specify the local tunnel IP Address i.e. the IP address of the tunnel on the CE node itself and a subnet prefix length

<a id="node-96f624"></a>&#x2022; [`node`](#node-96f624) - Optional String<br>Node. A CE site is composed of multiple nodes. Choose a node that will be part of this external connection

<a id="tunnel-ip-253faa"></a>&#x2022; [`remote_tunnel_ip`](#tunnel-ip-253faa) - Optional String<br>Remote Tunnel IP Address/Prefix Length. For a particular tunnel on a node, specify the remote tunnel IP Address i.e. the IP address of the tunnel on the remote gateway and a subnet prefix length

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_external_connector.example system/example
```
