---
page_title: "f5xc_filter_set Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Applications"
description: |-
  Manages a FilterSet resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for create configuration.
---

# f5xc_filter_set (Resource)

Manages a FilterSet resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for create configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Filter Set API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/filter-set) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Filter Set Resource Example
# Manages a FilterSet resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for create configuration.

# Basic Filter Set configuration
resource "f5xc_filter_set" "example" {
  name      = "example-filter-set"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Filter Fields. list of fields and their values selected b...
  filter_fields {
    # Configure filter_fields settings
  }
  # Filter Date/Time Range Field. either an absolute time ran...
  date_field {
    # Configure date_field settings
  }
  # Date Range. Date range is for selecting a date range
  absolute {
    # Configure absolute settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the FilterSet. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the FilterSet will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`context_key`](#context-key) - Optional String<br>Context Key. indexable context key that identifies a page or page type for which the FilterSet is applicable

&#x2022; [`filter_fields`](#filter-fields) - Optional Block<br>Filter Fields. list of fields and their values selected by the user<br>See [Filter Fields](#filter-fields) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Filter Fields

A [`filter_fields`](#filter-fields) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`date_field`](#filter-fields-date-field) - Optional Block<br>Filter Date/Time Range Field. either an absolute time range or a relative time interval<br>See [Date Field](#filter-fields-date-field) below.

&#x2022; [`field_id`](#filter-fields-field-id) - Optional String<br>Field ID. an identifier for the field that maps to some UI filter component

&#x2022; [`filter_expression_field`](#filter-fields-filter-expression-field) - Optional Block<br>Filter Expression Field<br>See [Filter Expression Field](#filter-fields-filter-expression-field) below.

&#x2022; [`string_field`](#filter-fields-string-field) - Optional Block<br>Filter String Field<br>See [String Field](#filter-fields-string-field) below.

#### Filter Fields Date Field

A [`date_field`](#filter-fields-date-field) block (within [`filter_fields`](#filter-fields)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`absolute`](#filter-fields-date-field-absolute) - Optional Block<br>Date Range. Date range is for selecting a date range<br>See [Absolute](#filter-fields-date-field-absolute) below.

&#x2022; [`relative`](#filter-fields-date-field-relative) - Optional String<br>Relative. relative time duration

#### Filter Fields Date Field Absolute

An [`absolute`](#filter-fields-date-field-absolute) block (within [`filter_fields.date_field`](#filter-fields-date-field)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`end_date`](#filter-fields-date-field-absolute-end-date) - Optional String<br>End Date. Contains end date

&#x2022; [`start_date`](#filter-fields-date-field-absolute-start-date) - Optional String<br>Start Date. Contains start date

#### Filter Fields Filter Expression Field

A [`filter_expression_field`](#filter-fields-filter-expression-field) block (within [`filter_fields`](#filter-fields)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`expression`](#filter-fields-filter-expression-field-expression) - Optional String<br>Expression Value. expression is a kubernetes style label expression for selections, but differs in that it allows special characters in the keys and values

#### Filter Fields String Field

A [`string_field`](#filter-fields-string-field) block (within [`filter_fields`](#filter-fields)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`field_values`](#filter-fields-string-field-field-values) - Optional List<br>String Value(s)

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_filter_set.example system/example
```
