---
page_title: "f5xc_fleet Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Sites"
description: |-
  Manages fleet will create a fleet object in 'system' namespace of the user in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_fleet (Resource)

Manages fleet will create a fleet object in 'system' namespace of the user in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Fleet API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/fleet) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fleet Resource Example
# Manages fleet will create a fleet object in 'system' namespace of the user in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Fleet configuration
resource "f5xc_fleet" "example" {
  name      = "example-fleet"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Fleet configuration
  fleet_label = "env=production"

  # Network connectors
  inside_virtual_network {
    name      = "inside-network"
    namespace = "system"
  }

  outside_virtual_network {
    name      = "outside-network"
    namespace = "system"
  }

  # Default config
  default_config {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Fleet. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Fleet will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`allow_all_usb`](#allow-all-usb) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`deny_all_usb`](#deny-all-usb) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`usb_policy`](#usb-policy) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name

&#x2022; [`blocked_services`](#blocked-services) - Optional Block<br>Disable Node Local Services. Disable node local services on this site<br>See [Blocked Services](#blocked-services) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`bond_device_list`](#bond-device-list) - Optional Block<br>Bond Devices List. List of bond devices for this fleet<br>See [Bond Device List](#bond-device-list) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`no_bond_devices`](#no-bond-devices) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`dc_cluster_group`](#dc-cluster-group) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Dc Cluster Group](#dc-cluster-group) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`dc_cluster_group_inside`](#dc-cluster-group-inside) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Dc Cluster Group Inside](#dc-cluster-group-inside) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`no_dc_cluster_group`](#no-dc-cluster-group) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`default_config`](#default-config) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`device_list`](#device-list) - Optional Block<br>List of Devices. Add device for all interfaces belonging to this fleet<br>See [Device List](#device-list) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#interface-list) - Optional Block<br>List of Interfaces. Add all interfaces belonging to this fleet<br>See [Interface List](#interface-list) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`default_sriov_interface`](#default-sriov-interface) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`sriov_interfaces`](#sriov-interfaces) - Optional Block<br>Custom SR-IOV interfaces Configuration List. List of all custom SR-IOV interfaces configuration<br>See [Sriov Interfaces](#sriov-interfaces) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`default_storage_class`](#default-storage-class) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`storage_class_list`](#storage-class-list) - Optional Block<br>Custom Storage Class List. Add additional custom storage classes in kubernetes for this fleet<br>See [Storage Class List](#storage-class-list) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`disable_gpu`](#disable-gpu) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`enable_gpu`](#enable-gpu) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`enable_vgpu`](#enable-vgpu) - Optional Block<br>vGPU Configuration. Licensing configuration for NVIDIA vGPU<br>See [Enable Vgpu](#enable-vgpu) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`disable_vm`](#disable-vm) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`enable_vm`](#enable-vm) - Optional Block<br>VM Configuration. VMs support configuration

&#x2022; [`enable_default_fleet_config_download`](#enable-default-fleet-config-download) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Default Fleet Config Download. Enable default fleet config, It must be set for storage config and GPU config

&#x2022; [`fleet_label`](#fleet-label) - Optional String<br>Fleet Label Value. fleet_label value is used to create known_label 'ves.io/fleet=`<fleet_label>`' The known_label is created in the 'shared' namespace for the tenant. A virtual_site object with name `<fleet_label>` is also created in 'shared' namespace for tenant. The virtual_site object will select all sites configured with the known_label above fleet_label with 'sfo' will create a known_label 'ves.io/fleet=sfo' in tenant for the fleet

&#x2022; [`inside_virtual_network`](#inside-virtual-network) - Optional Block<br>Site Local Inside Virtual Network. Default inside (site local) virtual network for the fleet<br>See [Inside Virtual Network](#inside-virtual-network) below for details.

&#x2022; [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain) - Optional Block<br>Node by Node Upgrade. Specify how worker nodes within a site will be upgraded<br>See [Kubernetes Upgrade Drain](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`log_receiver`](#log-receiver) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Log Receiver](#log-receiver) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`logs_streaming_disabled`](#logs-streaming-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`network_connectors`](#network-connectors) - Optional Block<br>Network Connectors. Network Connector defines connection between two virtual networks in a given site. Fleet defines one or more such network connectors. The network connectors configuration is applied on all sites that are member of the fleet<br>See [Network Connectors](#network-connectors) below for details.

&#x2022; [`network_firewall`](#network-firewall) - Optional Block<br>Network Firewall. Network Firewall defines firewall to be applied for the virtual networks in the fleet. The network firewall configuration is applied on all sites that are member of the fleet. Constraints The Network Firewall is applied on Virtual Networks of type site local network and site local inside network<br>See [Network Firewall](#network-firewall) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`no_storage_device`](#no-storage-device) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`storage_device_list`](#storage-device-list) - Optional Block<br>Custom Storage Device List. Add additional custom storage classes in kubernetes for this fleet

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`no_storage_interfaces`](#no-storage-interfaces) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`storage_interface_list`](#storage-interface-list) - Optional Block<br>List of Interfaces. Add all interfaces belonging to this fleet

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`no_storage_static_routes`](#no-storage-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`storage_static_routes`](#storage-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Storage Static Routes List. List of storage static routes

&#x2022; [`operating_system_version`](#operating-system-version) - Optional String<br>Operating System Version. Desired Operating System version that is applied to all sites that are member of the fleet. Current Operating System version can be overridden via site config

&#x2022; [`outside_virtual_network`](#outside-virtual-network) - Optional Block<br>Outside (Site Local) Virtual Network. Default outside (site local) virtual network for the fleet<br>See [Outside Virtual Network](#outside-virtual-network) below for details.

&#x2022; [`performance_enhancement_mode`](#performance-enhancement-mode) - Optional Block<br>Performance Enhancement Mode. x-required Optimize the site for L3 or L7 traffic processing. L7 optimized is the default<br>See [Performance Enhancement Mode](#performance-enhancement-mode) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

&#x2022; [`volterra_software_version`](#volterra-software-version) - Optional String<br>Software Version. F5XC software version is human readable string matching released set of version components. The given software version is applied to all sites that are member of the fleet. Current software installed can be overridden via site config

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Blocked Services

A [`blocked_services`](#blocked-services) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dns`](#blocked-services-dns) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`network_type`](#blocked-services-network-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`<br>Possible values are `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT`<br>Virtual Network Type. Different types of virtual networks understood by the system Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL provides connectivity to public (outside) network. This is an insecure network and is connected to public internet via NAT Gateways/firwalls Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created automatically and present on all sites Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE is a private network inside site. It is a secure network and is not connected to public network. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created during provisioning of site User defined per-site virtual network. Scope of this virtual network is limited to the site. This is not yet supported Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC directly conects to the public internet. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on RE sites only It is an internally created by the system. They must not be created by user Virtual Neworks with global scope across different sites in F5XC domain. An example global virtual-network called 'AIN Network' is created for every tenant. for volterra fabric Constraints: It is currently only supported as internally created by the system. vK8s service network for a given tenant. Used to advertise a virtual host only to vk8s pods for that tenant Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user VER internal network for the site. It can only be used for virtual hosts with SMA_PROXY type proxy Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE represents both VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL and VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an advertise policy When virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO is selected for an endpoint, VER will try to determine the network based on the provided IP address Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an endpoint VoltADN Private Network is used on volterra RE(s) to connect to customer private networks This network is created by opening a support ticket This network is per site srv6 network VER IP Fabric network for the site. This Virtual network type is used for exposing virtual host on IP Fabric network on the VER site or for endpoint in IP Fabric network Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Network internally created for a segment Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user

&#x2022; [`ssh`](#blocked-services-ssh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`web_user_interface`](#blocked-services-web-user-interface) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Bond Device List

A [`bond_device_list`](#bond-device-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`bond_devices`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices) - Optional Block<br>Bond Devices. List of bond devices<br>See [Bond Devices](#bond-device-list-bond-devices) below.

#### Bond Device List Bond Devices

A [`bond_devices`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices) block (within [`bond_device_list`](#bond-device-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`active_backup`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-active-backup) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`devices`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-devices) - Optional List<br>Member Ethernet Devices. Ethernet devices that will make up this bond

&#x2022; [`lacp`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-lacp) - Optional Block<br>LACP parameters. LACP parameters for the bond device<br>See [Lacp](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-lacp) below.

&#x2022; [`link_polling_interval`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-link-polling-interval) - Optional Number<br>Link Polling Interval. Link polling interval in milliseconds

&#x2022; [`link_up_delay`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-link-up-delay) - Optional Number<br>Link Up Delay. Milliseconds wait before link is declared up

&#x2022; [`name`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-name) - Optional String<br>Bond Device Name. Name for the Bond. Ex 'bond0'

#### Bond Device List Bond Devices Lacp

A [`lacp`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-lacp) block (within [`bond_device_list.bond_devices`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`rate`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-lacp-rate) - Optional Number<br>LACP Packet Interval. Interval in seconds to transmit LACP packets

#### Dc Cluster Group

A [`dc_cluster_group`](#dc-cluster-group) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#dc-cluster-group-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#dc-cluster-group-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#dc-cluster-group-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Dc Cluster Group Inside

A [`dc_cluster_group_inside`](#dc-cluster-group-inside) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#dc-cluster-group-inside-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#dc-cluster-group-inside-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#dc-cluster-group-inside-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Device List

A [`device_list`](#device-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`devices`](#device-list-devices) - Optional Block<br>Devices. Configuration for all devices in the fleet. Examples of devices are - network interfaces, cameras, scanners etc. Configuration a device is applied on VER node if the VER node is member of this fleet and has an corresponding interface/device. The mapping from device configured in fleet with interface/device in VER node depends on the type of device and is documented in device instance specific sections<br>See [Devices](#device-list-devices) below.

#### Device List Devices

A [`devices`](#device-list-devices) block (within [`device_list`](#device-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#device-list-devices-name) - Optional String<br>Device Name. Name of the device including the unit number (e.g. eth0 or disk1). The name must match name of device in host-OS of node

&#x2022; [`network_device`](#device-list-devices-network-device) - Optional Block<br>Network Device Type. Represents physical network interface. The 'interface' reference points to a Network Interface object. Attributes such as Labels, MTU from Network Interface must be applied to the device. Device mapping to nodes A fleet can have many devices and nodes in VER customer edge site can have many interfaces. An interface in node inherits configuration from a device by matching, - device_name in Network Interface for the device - device name for physical-interface in the node<br>See [Network Device](#device-list-devices-network-device) below.

&#x2022; [`owner`](#device-list-devices-owner) - Optional String  Defaults to `DEVICE_OWNER_INVALID`<br>Possible values are `DEVICE_OWNER_INVALID`, `DEVICE_OWNER_VER`, `DEVICE_OWNER_VK8S_WORK_LOAD`, `DEVICE_OWNER_HOST`<br>Device Owner Type. Defines ownership for a device. Device owner is invalid Device is owned by VER pod. usually it will be network interface device or accelerator like crypto engine. Device is available to be owned by vK8s workload on the site, like camera GPU etc. Device is not available to be owned by vK8s or VER. Can be exposed via some other service. Like TPM

#### Device List Devices Network Device

A [`network_device`](#device-list-devices-network-device) block (within [`device_list.devices`](#device-list-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface`](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface) - Optional Block<br>Network Interface. Network Interface attributes for the device. User network interface configuration for this network device. Attributes like labels, MTU from the 'interface' are applied to corresponding interface in VER node If network interface refers to a virtual-network, the virtual-netowrk type must be consistent with use attribute given below If use is NETWORK_INTERFACE_USE_REGULAR, the virtual-network must be of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL or VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE if use is NETWORK_INTERFACE_USE_OUTSIDE, the virtual-network must of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL if use is NETWORK_INTERFACE_USE_INSIDE, the virtual-network must of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE<br>See [Interface](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`use`](#device-list-devices-network-device-use) - Optional String  Defaults to `NETWORK_INTERFACE_USE_REGULAR`<br>Possible values are `NETWORK_INTERFACE_USE_REGULAR`, `NETWORK_INTERFACE_USE_OUTSIDE`, `NETWORK_INTERFACE_USE_INSIDE`<br>Network Device Use. Defines how the device is used If networking device is owned by VER, it is available for users to configure as required If networking device is owned by VER, it is included in bootstrap config and member of outside network. If networking device is owned by VER, it is included in bootstrap config and member of inside network

#### Device List Devices Network Device Interface

An [`interface`](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface) block (within [`device_list.devices.network_device`](#device-list-devices-network-device)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#device-list-devices-network-device-interface-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Enable Vgpu

An [`enable_vgpu`](#enable-vgpu) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`feature_type`](#enable-vgpu-feature-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `UNLICENSED`<br>Possible values are `UNLICENSED`, `VGPU`, `VWS`, `VCS`<br>Feature Type. Set feature to be enabled Operate with a degraded vGPU performance Enable NVIDIA vGPU Enable NVIDIA RTX Virtual Workstation Enable NVIDIA Virtual Compute Server

&#x2022; [`server_address`](#enable-vgpu-server-address) - Optional String<br>License Server Address. Set License Server Address

&#x2022; [`server_port`](#enable-vgpu-server-port) - Optional Number<br>License Server Port Number. Set License Server port number

#### Inside Virtual Network

An [`inside_virtual_network`](#inside-virtual-network) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#inside-virtual-network-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#inside-virtual-network-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#inside-virtual-network-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#inside-virtual-network-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#inside-virtual-network-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#interface-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interfaces`](#interface-list-interfaces) - Optional Block<br>List of Interfaces. Add all interfaces belonging to this fleet<br>See [Interfaces](#interface-list-interfaces) below.

#### Interface List Interfaces

An [`interfaces`](#interface-list-interfaces) block (within [`interface_list`](#interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#interface-list-interfaces-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#interface-list-interfaces-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#interface-list-interfaces-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Kubernetes Upgrade Drain

A [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`disable_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-disable-upgrade-drain) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`enable_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain) - Optional Block<br>Enable Node by Node Upgrade. Specify batch upgrade settings for worker nodes within a site<br>See [Enable Upgrade Drain](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain) below.

#### Kubernetes Upgrade Drain Enable Upgrade Drain

An [`enable_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain) block (within [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`disable_vega_upgrade_mode`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain-disable-vega-upgrade-mode) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`drain_max_unavailable_node_count`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain-drain-max-unavailable-node-count) - Optional Number<br>Node Batch Size Count

&#x2022; [`drain_node_timeout`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain-drain-node-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Upgrade Wait Time. Seconds to wait before initiating upgrade on the next set of nodes. Setting it to 0 will wait indefinitely for all services on nodes to be upgraded gracefully before proceeding to the next set of nodes. (Warning: It may block upgrade if services on a node cannot be gracefully upgraded. It is recommended to use the default value)

&#x2022; [`enable_vega_upgrade_mode`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain-enable-vega-upgrade-mode) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Log Receiver

A [`log_receiver`](#log-receiver) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#log-receiver-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#log-receiver-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#log-receiver-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Network Connectors

A [`network_connectors`](#network-connectors) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#network-connectors-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#network-connectors-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#network-connectors-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#network-connectors-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#network-connectors-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Network Firewall

A [`network_firewall`](#network-firewall) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#network-firewall-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#network-firewall-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#network-firewall-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#network-firewall-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#network-firewall-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Outside Virtual Network

An [`outside_virtual_network`](#outside-virtual-network) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#outside-virtual-network-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#outside-virtual-network-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#outside-virtual-network-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#outside-virtual-network-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#outside-virtual-network-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Performance Enhancement Mode

A [`performance_enhancement_mode`](#performance-enhancement-mode) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`perf_mode_l3_enhanced`](#performance-enhancement-mode-perf-mode-l3-enhanced) - Optional Block<br>L3 Mode Enhanced Performance. x-required L3 enhanced performance mode options<br>See [Perf Mode L3 Enhanced](#performance-enhancement-mode-perf-mode-l3-enhanced) below.

&#x2022; [`perf_mode_l7_enhanced`](#performance-enhancement-mode-perf-mode-l7-enhanced) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Performance Enhancement Mode Perf Mode L3 Enhanced

A [`perf_mode_l3_enhanced`](#performance-enhancement-mode-perf-mode-l3-enhanced) block (within [`performance_enhancement_mode`](#performance-enhancement-mode)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`jumbo`](#performance-enhancement-mode-perf-mode-l3-enhanced-jumbo) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_jumbo`](#performance-enhancement-mode-perf-mode-l3-enhanced-no-jumbo) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Sriov Interfaces

A [`sriov_interfaces`](#sriov-interfaces) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`sriov_interface`](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface) - Optional Block<br>Custom SR-IOV interfaces Configuration. Use custom SR-IOV interfaces Configuration<br>See [Sriov Interface](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface) below.

#### Sriov Interfaces Sriov Interface

A [`sriov_interface`](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface) block (within [`sriov_interfaces`](#sriov-interfaces)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_name`](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface-interface-name) - Optional String<br>Name of physical interface. Name of SR-IOV physical interface

&#x2022; [`number_of_vfio_vfs`](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface-number-of-vfio-vfs) - Optional Number<br>Number of virtual functions reserved for vfio. Number of virtual functions reserved for VNFs and DPDK-based CNFs

&#x2022; [`number_of_vfs`](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface-number-of-vfs) - Optional Number<br>Total number of virtual functions. Total number of virtual functions

#### Storage Class List

A [`storage_class_list`](#storage-class-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`storage_classes`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes) - Optional Block<br>List of Storage Classes. List of custom storage classes<br>See [Storage Classes](#storage-class-list-storage-classes) below.

#### Storage Class List Storage Classes

A [`storage_classes`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes) block (within [`storage_class_list`](#storage-class-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`advanced_storage_parameters`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-advanced-storage-parameters) - Optional Block<br>Advanced Parameters. Map of parameter name and string value

&#x2022; [`allow_volume_expansion`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-allow-volume-expansion) - Optional Bool<br>Allow Volume Expansion. Allow volume expansion

&#x2022; [`custom_storage`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-custom-storage) - Optional Block<br>Custom StorageClass. Custom Storage Class allows to insert Kubernetes storageclass definition which will be applied into given site<br>See [Custom Storage](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-custom-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`default_storage_class`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-default-storage-class) - Optional Bool<br>Default Storage Class. Make this storage class default storage class for the K8s cluster

&#x2022; [`description`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-description) - Optional String<br>Storage Class Description. Description for this storage class

&#x2022; [`hpe_storage`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage) - Optional Block<br>HPE Storage. Storage class Device configuration for HPE Storage<br>See [Hpe Storage](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`netapp_trident`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-netapp-trident) - Optional Block<br>NetApp Trident Storage. Storage class Device configuration for NetApp Trident<br>See [Netapp Trident](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-netapp-trident) below.

&#x2022; [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator) - Optional Block<br>Pure Storage Service Orchestrator. Storage class Device configuration for Pure Service Orchestrator<br>See [Pure Service Orchestrator](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator) below.

&#x2022; [`reclaim_policy`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-reclaim-policy) - Optional String<br>Reclaim Policy. Reclaim Policy

&#x2022; [`storage_class_name`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-storage-class-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Class Name. Name of the storage class as it will appear in K8s

&#x2022; [`storage_device`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-storage-device) - Optional String<br>Storage Device. Storage device that this class will use. The Device name defined at previous step

#### Storage Class List Storage Classes Custom Storage

A [`custom_storage`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-custom-storage) block (within [`storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`yaml`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-custom-storage-yaml) - Optional String<br>Storage Class YAML. K8s YAML for StorageClass

#### Storage Class List Storage Classes Hpe Storage

A [`hpe_storage`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage) block (within [`storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`allow_mutations`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-allow-mutations) - Optional String<br>allowMutations. mutation can override specified parameters

&#x2022; [`allow_overrides`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-allow-overrides) - Optional String<br>allowOverrides. PVC can override specified parameters

&#x2022; [`dedupe_enabled`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-dedupe-enabled) - Optional Bool<br>dedupeEnabled. Indicates that the volume should enable deduplication

&#x2022; [`description`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-description) - Optional String<br>Description. The SecretName parameter is used to identify name of secret to identify backend storage's auth information

&#x2022; [`destroy_on_delete`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-destroy-on-delete) - Optional Bool<br>destroyOnDelete. Indicates the backing Nimble volume (including snapshots) should be destroyed when the PVC is deleted

&#x2022; [`encrypted`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-encrypted) - Optional Bool<br>encrypted. Indicates that the volume should be encrypted

&#x2022; [`folder`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-folder) - Optional String<br>folder. The name of the folder in which to place the volume

&#x2022; [`limit_iops`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-limit-iops) - Optional String<br>limitIops. The IOPS limit of the volume

&#x2022; [`limit_mbps`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-limit-mbps) - Optional String<br>limitMbps. The IOPS limit of the volume

&#x2022; [`performance_policy`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-performance-policy) - Optional String<br>performancePolicy. The name of the performance policy to assign to the volume

&#x2022; [`pool`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-pool) - Optional String<br>pool. The name of the pool in which to place the volume

&#x2022; [`protection_template`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-protection-template) - Optional String<br>protectionTemplate. The name of the performance policy to assign to the volume

&#x2022; [`secret_name`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-secret-name) - Optional String<br>Secret Name. The SecretName parameter is used to identify name of secret to identify backend storage's auth information

&#x2022; [`secret_namespace`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-secret-namespace) - Optional String<br>Secret Namespace. The SecretNamespace parameter is used to identify name of namespace where secret resides

&#x2022; [`sync_on_detach`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-sync-on-detach) - Optional Bool<br>syncOnDetach. Indicates that a snapshot of the volume should be synced to the replication partner each time it is detached from a node

&#x2022; [`thick`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage-thick) - Optional Bool<br>thick. Indicates that the volume should be thick provisioned

#### Storage Class List Storage Classes Netapp Trident

A [`netapp_trident`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-netapp-trident) block (within [`storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`selector`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-netapp-trident-selector) - Optional Block<br>Selector. Using the Selector field, each StorageClass calls out which virtual pool(s) may be used to host a volume. The volume will have the aspects defined in the chosen virtual pool

&#x2022; [`storage_pools`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-netapp-trident-storage-pools) - Optional String<br>Storage Pools. The storagePools parameter is used to further restrict the set of pools that match any specified attributes

#### Storage Class List Storage Classes Pure Service Orchestrator

A [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator) block (within [`storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`backend`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator-backend) - Optional String<br>Backend. Defines type of Pure storage backend block or file. The volume will have the aspects defined in the chosen virtual pool

&#x2022; [`bandwidth_limit`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator-bandwidth-limit) - Optional String<br>Bandwidth Limit. It must be between 1 MB/s and 512 GB/s. Enter the size as a number (bytes must be multiple of 512) or number with a single character unit symbol. Valid unit symbols are K, M, G, representing KiB, MiB, and GiB

&#x2022; [`iops_limit`](#storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator-iops-limit) - Optional Number<br>IOPS Limit. Enable IOPS limitation. It must be between 100 and 100 million. If value is 0, IOPS limit is not defined

#### Storage Device List

A [`storage_device_list`](#storage-device-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`storage_devices`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices) - Optional Block<br>List of Storage Devices. List of custom storage devices<br>See [Storage Devices](#storage-device-list-storage-devices) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices

A [`storage_devices`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices) block (within [`storage_device_list`](#storage-device-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`advanced_advanced_parameters`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-advanced-advanced-parameters) - Optional Block<br>Advanced Parameters. Map of parameter name and string value

&#x2022; [`custom_storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-custom-storage) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`hpe_storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage) - Optional Block<br>HPE Storage. Device configuration for HPE Storage<br>See [Hpe Storage](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`netapp_trident`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident) - Optional Block<br>NetApp Trident. Device configuration for NetApp Trident Storage<br>See [Netapp Trident](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident) below.

&#x2022; [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator) - Optional Block<br>Pure Storage Service Orchestrator. Device configuration for Pure Storage Service Orchestrator<br>See [Pure Service Orchestrator](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_device`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-storage-device) - Optional String<br>Storage Device. Storage device and device unit

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Hpe Storage

A [`hpe_storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_server_port`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-api-server-port) - Optional Number<br>Storage server Port. Enter Storage Server Port

&#x2022; [`iscsi_chap_password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [iSCSI Chap Password](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password) below.

&#x2022; [`iscsi_chap_user`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-user) - Optional String<br>iSCSI chapUser. chap Username to connect to the HPE storage

&#x2022; [`password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_server_ip_address`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-storage-server-ip-address) - Optional String<br>Storage Server IP address. Enter storage server IP address

&#x2022; [`storage_server_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-storage-server-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Server Name. Enter storage server Name

&#x2022; [`username`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-username) - Optional String<br>Username. Username to connect to the HPE storage management IP

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Hpe Storage iSCSI Chap Password

An [`iscsi_chap_password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Hpe Storage iSCSI Chap Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.iscsi_chap_password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Hpe Storage iSCSI Chap Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.iscsi_chap_password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Hpe Storage Password

A [`password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Hpe Storage Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Hpe Storage Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident

A [`netapp_trident`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas) - Optional Block<br>Storage Backend NetApp ONTAP NAS. Configuration of storage backend for NetApp ONTAP NAS<br>See [Netapp Backend Ontap Nas](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas) below.

&#x2022; [`netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san) - Optional Block<br>Storage Backend NetApp ONTAP SAN. Configuration of storage backend for NetApp ONTAP SAN<br>See [Netapp Backend Ontap San](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas

A [`netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`auto_export_cidrs`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-auto-export-cidrs) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Prefix List. x-example: '192.168.20.0/24' List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint<br>See [Auto Export Cidrs](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-auto-export-cidrs) below.

&#x2022; [`auto_export_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-auto-export-policy) - Optional Bool<br>Auto Export Policy. Enable automatic export policy creation and updating

&#x2022; [`backend_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-backend-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Backend Name. Configuration of Backend Name. Driver is name + '_' + dataLIF

&#x2022; [`client_certificate`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-certificate) - Optional String<br>Client Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of client certificate. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Client Private Key](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key) below.

&#x2022; [`data_lif_dns_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-data-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF Name. Backend Data LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`data_lif_ip`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-data-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF IP Address. Backend Data LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`labels`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-labels) - Optional Block<br>Backend Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class selection

&#x2022; [`limit_aggregate_usage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-limit-aggregate-usage) - Optional String<br>Limit Aggregate Usage. Fail provisioning if usage is above this percentage. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`limit_volume_size`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-limit-volume-size) - Optional String<br>Limit Volume Size. Fail provisioning if requested volume size is above this value. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`management_lif_dns_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-management-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF Name. Backend Management LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`management_lif_ip`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-management-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF IP Address. Backend Management LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`nfs_mount_options`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-nfs-mount-options) - Optional String<br>NFS Mount Options. Comma-separated list of NFS mount options. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password) below.

&#x2022; [`region`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-region) - Optional String<br>Backend Region. Virtual Pool Region

&#x2022; [`storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Storage Pools. List of Virtual Storage Pool definitions which are referred back by Storage Class label match selection<br>See [Storage](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_driver_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-driver-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Backend Driver. Configuration of Backend Name

&#x2022; [`storage_prefix`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-prefix) - Optional String<br>Storage Prefix. Prefix used when provisioning new volumes in the SVM. Once set this cannot be updated

&#x2022; [`svm`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-svm) - Optional String<br>Backend SVM. Storage virtual machine to use. Derived if an SVM managementLIF is specified

&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_certificate`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-trusted-ca-certificate) - Optional String<br>Trusted CA Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of trusted CA certificate. Optional. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`username`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-username) - Optional String<br>Username. Username to connect to the cluster/SVM

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Auto Export Cidrs

An [`auto_export_cidrs`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-auto-export-cidrs) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`prefixes`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-auto-export-cidrs-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Client Private Key

A [`client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Client Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Client Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Password

A [`password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Storage

A [`storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`labels`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-labels) - Optional Block<br>Storage Pool Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class label match selection

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults) below.

&#x2022; [`zone`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-zone) - Optional String<br>Virtual Pool Zone. Virtual Storage Pool zone definition

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Storage Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults-unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap Nas Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults-unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San

A [`netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`client_certificate`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-certificate) - Optional String<br>Client Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of client certificate. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Client Private Key](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key) below.

&#x2022; [`data_lif_dns_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-data-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF Name. Backend Data LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`data_lif_ip`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-data-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF IP Address. Backend Data LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`igroup_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-igroup-name) - Optional String<br>iGroup Name. Name of the igroup for SAN volumes to use

&#x2022; [`labels`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-labels) - Optional Block<br>Backend Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class selection

&#x2022; [`limit_aggregate_usage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-limit-aggregate-usage) - Optional Number<br>Limit Aggregate Usage. Fail provisioning if usage is above this percentage. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`limit_volume_size`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-limit-volume-size) - Optional Number<br>Limit Volume Size. Fail provisioning if requested volume size in GBi is above this value. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`management_lif_dns_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-management-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF Name. Backend Management LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`management_lif_ip`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-management-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF IP Address. Backend Management LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`no_chap`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-no-chap) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password) below.

&#x2022; [`region`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-region) - Optional String<br>Backend Region. Virtual Pool Region

&#x2022; [`storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Storage Pools. List of Virtual Storage Pool definitions which are referred back by Storage Class label match selection<br>See [Storage](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_driver_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-driver-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Backend Driver. Configuration of Backend Name

&#x2022; [`storage_prefix`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-prefix) - Optional String<br>Storage Prefix. Prefix used when provisioning new volumes in the SVM. Once set this cannot be updated

&#x2022; [`svm`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-svm) - Optional String<br>Backend SVM. Storage virtual machine to use. Derived if an SVM managementLIF is specified

&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_certificate`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-trusted-ca-certificate) - Optional String<br>Trusted CA Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of trusted CA certificate. Optional. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`use_chap`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap) - Optional Block<br>Device NetApp Backend ONTAP SAN CHAP Configuration. Device NetApp Backend ONTAP SAN CHAP configuration options for enabled CHAP<br>See [Use Chap](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap) below.

&#x2022; [`username`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-username) - Optional String<br>Username. Username to connect to the cluster/SVM

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Client Private Key

A [`client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Client Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Client Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.client_private_key`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Password

A [`password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.password`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Storage

A [`storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`labels`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-labels) - Optional Block<br>Storage Pool Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class label match selection

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults) below.

&#x2022; [`zone`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-zone) - Optional String<br>Virtual Pool Zone. Virtual Storage Pool zone definition

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Storage Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.storage`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults-unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Use Chap

An [`use_chap`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`chap_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Chap Initiator Secret](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret) below.

&#x2022; [`chap_target_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Chap Target Initiator Secret](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret) below.

&#x2022; [`chap_target_username`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-username) - Optional String<br>CHAP Target Username. Target username. Required if useCHAP=true

&#x2022; [`chap_username`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-username) - Optional String<br>CHAP Username. Inbound username. Required if useCHAP=true

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Use Chap Chap Initiator Secret

A [`chap_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Use Chap Chap Initiator Secret Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Use Chap Chap Initiator Secret Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Use Chap Chap Target Initiator Secret

A [`chap_target_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Use Chap Chap Target Initiator Secret Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_target_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Use Chap Chap Target Initiator Secret Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_target_initiator_secret`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Netapp Trident Netapp Backend Ontap San Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults-unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator

A [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`arrays`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays) - Optional Block<br>Arrays Configuration. Device configuration for PSO Arrays<br>See [Arrays](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays) below.

&#x2022; [`cluster_id`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-cluster-id) - Optional String<br>Cluster ID. clusterID is added as a prefix for all volumes created by this PSO installation. clusterID is also used to identify the volumes used by the datastore, pso-db. clusterID MUST BE UNIQUE for multiple K8s clusters running on top of the same storage arrays. characters allowed: alphanumeric and underscores

&#x2022; [`enable_storage_topology`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-enable-storage-topology) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Storage Topology. This option is to enable/disable the csi topology feature for pso-csi

&#x2022; [`enable_strict_topology`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-enable-strict-topology) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Strict Topology. This option is to enable/disable the strict csi topology feature for pso-csi

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays

An [`arrays`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`flash_array`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array) - Optional Block<br>Flash Arrays. Specify what storage flash arrays should be managed the plugin<br>See [Flash Array](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array) below.

&#x2022; [`flash_blade`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade) - Optional Block<br>Flash Blades. Specify what storage flash blades should be managed the plugin<br>See [Flash Blade](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Array

A [`flash_array`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_fs_opt`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-default-fs-opt) - Optional String<br>Default Filesystem Options. Block volume default mkfs options. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`default_fs_type`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-default-fs-type) - Optional String<br>Default Filesystem Type. Block volume default filesystem type. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`default_mount_opts`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-default-mount-opts) - Optional List<br>Default Mount Options. Block volume default filesystem mount options. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`disable_preempt_attachments`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-disable-preempt-attachments) - Optional Bool<br>Disable Preempt Attachments. Enable/Disable attachment preemption!

&#x2022; [`flash_arrays`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays) - Optional Block<br>Flash Arrays. For FlashArrays you must set the 'mgmt_endpoint' and 'api_token'<br>See [Flash Arrays](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays) below.

&#x2022; [`iscsi_login_timeout`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-iscsi-login-timeout) - Optional Number<br>iSCSI Login Timeout. iSCSI login timeout in seconds. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`san_type`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-san-type) - Optional String<br>SAN Type. Block volume access protocol, either iSCSI or FC

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Array Flash Arrays

A [`flash_arrays`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [API Token](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token) below.

&#x2022; [`labels`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-labels) - Optional Block<br>Labels. The labels are optional, and can be any key-value pair for use with the PSO 'fleet' provisioner

&#x2022; [`mgmt_dns_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-mgmt-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint Name. Management Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`mgmt_ip`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-mgmt-ip) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint IP Address. Management Endpoint is reachable at the given IP address

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Array Flash Arrays API Token

An [`api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array.flash_arrays`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Array Flash Arrays API Token Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array.flash_arrays.api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Array Flash Arrays API Token Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array.flash_arrays.api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Blade

A [`flash_blade`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`enable_snapshot_directory`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-enable-snapshot-directory) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Snapshot Directory. Enable/Disable FlashBlade snapshots

&#x2022; [`export_rules`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-export-rules) - Optional String<br>NFS Export Rules. NFS Export rules

&#x2022; [`flash_blades`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades) - Optional Block<br>Flash Blades. For FlashBlades you must set the 'mgmt_endpoint', 'api_token' and nfs_endpoint<br>See [Flash Blades](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Blade Flash Blades

A [`flash_blades`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [API Token](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token) below.

&#x2022; [`lables`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-lables) - Optional Block<br>Labels. The labels are optional, and can be any key-value pair for use with the PSO 'fleet' provisioner

&#x2022; [`mgmt_dns_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-mgmt-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint Name. Management Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`mgmt_ip`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-mgmt-ip) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint IP Address. Management Endpoint is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`nfs_endpoint_dns_name`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-nfs-endpoint-dns-name) - Optional String<br>NFS DNS Name. Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`nfs_endpoint_ip`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-nfs-endpoint-ip) - Optional String<br>NFS IP Address. Endpoint is reachable at the given IP address

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Blade Flash Blades API Token

An [`api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade.flash_blades`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Blade Flash Blades API Token Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade.flash_blades.api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Storage Device List Storage Devices Pure Service Orchestrator Arrays Flash Blade Flash Blades API Token Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-clear-secret-info) block (within [`storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade.flash_blades.api_token`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Interface List

A [`storage_interface_list`](#storage-interface-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interfaces`](#storage-interface-list-interfaces) - Optional Block<br>List of Interfaces. Add all interfaces belonging to this fleet<br>See [Interfaces](#storage-interface-list-interfaces) below.

#### Storage Interface List Interfaces

An [`interfaces`](#storage-interface-list-interfaces) block (within [`storage_interface_list`](#storage-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#storage-interface-list-interfaces-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#storage-interface-list-interfaces-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#storage-interface-list-interfaces-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Storage Static Routes

A [`storage_static_routes`](#storage-static-routes) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`storage_routes`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes) - Optional Block<br>List of Static Routes. List of storage static routes<br>See [Storage Routes](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes) below.

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes

A [`storage_routes`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes) block (within [`storage_static_routes`](#storage-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`attrs`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-attrs) - Optional List  Defaults to `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`<br>Possible values are `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`, `ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING`, `ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY`<br>Attributes. List of route attributes associated with the static route

&#x2022; [`labels`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-labels) - Optional Block<br>Static Route Labels. Add Labels for this Static Route, these labels can be used in network policy

&#x2022; [`nexthop`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop) - Optional Block<br>Nexthop. Identifies the next-hop for a route<br>See [Nexthop](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop) below.

&#x2022; [`subnets`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets) - Optional Block<br>Subnets. List of route prefixes<br>See [Subnets](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets) below.

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Nexthop

A [`nexthop`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface) - Optional Block<br>Network Interface. Nexthop is network interface when type is 'Network-Interface'<br>See [Interface](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`nexthop_address`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address) - Optional Block<br>IP Address. IP Address used to specify an IPv4 or IPv6 address<br>See [Nexthop Address](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address) below.

&#x2022; [`type`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `NEXT_HOP_DEFAULT_GATEWAY`<br>Possible values are `NEXT_HOP_DEFAULT_GATEWAY`, `NEXT_HOP_USE_CONFIGURED`, `NEXT_HOP_NETWORK_INTERFACE`<br>Nexthop Types. Defines types of next-hop Use default gateway on the local interface as gateway for route. Assumes there is only one local interface on the virtual network. Use the specified address as nexthop Use the network interface as nexthop Discard nexthop, used when attr type is Advertise Used in VoltADN private virtual network

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Nexthop Interface

An [`interface`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes.nexthop`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-interface-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Nexthop Nexthop Address

A [`nexthop_address`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes.nexthop`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`ipv4`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv4) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in dot-decimal notation<br>See [IPv4](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv4) below.

&#x2022; [`ipv6`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv6) - Optional Block<br>IPv6 Address. IPv6 Address specified as hexadecimal numbers separated by ':'<br>See [IPv6](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv6) below.

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Nexthop Nexthop Address IPv4

An [`ipv4`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv4) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes.nexthop.nexthop_address`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`addr`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv4-addr) - Optional String<br>IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in string form with dot-decimal notation

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Nexthop Nexthop Address IPv6

An [`ipv6`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv6) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes.nexthop.nexthop_address`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`addr`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-nexthop-nexthop-address-ipv6-addr) - Optional String<br>IPv6 Address. IPv6 Address in form of string. IPv6 address must be specified as hexadecimal numbers separated by ':' The address can be compacted by suppressing zeros e.g. '2001:db8:0:0:0:0:2:1' becomes '2001:db8::2:1' or '2001:db8:0:0:0:2:0:0' becomes '2001:db8::2::'

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Subnets

A [`subnets`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`ipv4`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv4) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Subnet. IPv4 subnets specified as prefix and prefix-length. Prefix length must be <= 32<br>See [IPv4](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv4) below.

&#x2022; [`ipv6`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv6) - Optional Block<br>IPv6 Subnet. IPv6 subnets specified as prefix and prefix-length. prefix-legnth must be <= 128<br>See [IPv6](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv6) below.

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Subnets IPv4

An [`ipv4`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv4) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes.subnets`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`plen`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv4-plen) - Optional Number<br>Prefix Length. Prefix-length of the IPv4 subnet. Must be <= 32

&#x2022; [`prefix`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv4-prefix) - Optional String<br>Prefix. Prefix part of the IPv4 subnet in string form with dot-decimal notation

#### Storage Static Routes Storage Routes Subnets IPv6

An [`ipv6`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv6) block (within [`storage_static_routes.storage_routes.subnets`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`plen`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv6-plen) - Optional Number<br>Prefix Length. Prefix length of the IPv6 subnet. Must be <= 128

&#x2022; [`prefix`](#storage-static-routes-storage-routes-subnets-ipv6-prefix) - Optional String<br>Prefix. Prefix part of the IPv6 subnet given in form of string. IPv6 address must be specified as hexadecimal numbers separated by ':' e.g. '2001:db8:0:0:0:2:0:0' The address can be compacted by suppressing zeros e.g. '2001:db8::2::'

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

#### Usb Policy

An [`usb_policy`](#usb-policy) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#usb-policy-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#usb-policy-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#usb-policy-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_fleet.example system/example
```
