---
page_title: "f5xc_forwarding_class Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a ForwardingClass resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for forwarding class is created by users in system namespace configuration.
---

# f5xc_forwarding_class (Resource)

Manages a ForwardingClass resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for forwarding class is created by users in system namespace configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Forwarding Class API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/forwarding-class) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Forwarding Class Resource Example
# Manages a ForwardingClass resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for forwarding class is created by users in system namespace configuration.

# Basic Forwarding Class configuration
resource "f5xc_forwarding_class" "example" {
  name      = "example-forwarding-class"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: dscp, no_marking, tos_value] DSCP Marking setting...
  dscp {
    # Configure dscp settings
  }
  # [OneOf: dscp_based_queue, queue_id_to_use] Empty. This ca...
  dscp_based_queue {
    # Configure dscp_based_queue settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  no_marking {
    # Configure no_marking settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the ForwardingClass. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the ForwardingClass will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`dscp`](#dscp) - Optional Block<br>DSCP Marking setting. DSCP marking setting as per RFC 2475<br>See [Dscp](#dscp) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`no_marking`](#no-marking) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`tos_value`](#tos-value) - Optional Number<br>TOS value. Decimal value of raw 8 bit TOS. In above example DSCP 10 = Precedence Class 1 and drop precedence low

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`dscp_based_queue`](#dscp-based-queue) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`queue_id_to_use`](#queue-id-to-use) - Optional String  Defaults to `DSCP_BEST_EFFORT`<br>Possible values are `DSCP_BEST_EFFORT`, `DSCP_CLASS1`, `DSCP_CLASS2`, `DSCP_CLASS3`, `DSCP_CLASS4`, `DSCP_EXPRESS_FORWARDING`, `DSCP_CONTROL_L3`, `DSCP_CONTROL_L2`<br>Precedence Level Values. DSCP Precedence Level Values Best Effort service will get any available bandwidth DSCP Class 1 service DSCP Class 2 service DSCP Class 3 service DSCP Class 4 service Express Forwarding is used for low latency traffic Control is used for routing traffic, not recommended Link Layer traffic like LACP or keepalive, not recommended

&#x2022; [`interface_group`](#interface-group) - Optional String  Defaults to `ANY_AVAILABLE_INTERFACE`<br>Possible values are `ANY_AVAILABLE_INTERFACE`, `INTERFACE_GROUP1`, `INTERFACE_GROUP2`, `INTERFACE_GROUP3`<br>Interface Group. Interface group, group membership by adding group label to interface Choose any of the available interfaces Choose all interfaces with label group1 Choose all interfaces with label group2 Choose all interfaces with label group3

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`no_policer`](#no-policer) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`policer`](#policer) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Policer](#policer) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="dscp"></a>

**Dscp**

A `dscp` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`drop_precedence`](#drop-precedence) - Optional String  Defaults to `DSCP_AF_FAKE`<br>Possible values are `DSCP_AF_LOW`, `DSCP_AF_MEDIUM`, `DSCP_AF_HIGH`, `DSCP_AF_POLICER`<br>DSCP AF Drop Precedence. DSCP Assured forwarding drop precedence DSCP Low drop precedence DSCP Low drop precedence DSCP Low drop precedence DSCP drop precedence value is taken from output of policer

&#x2022; [`dscp_class`](#dscp-class) - Optional String  Defaults to `DSCP_BEST_EFFORT`<br>Possible values are `DSCP_BEST_EFFORT`, `DSCP_CLASS1`, `DSCP_CLASS2`, `DSCP_CLASS3`, `DSCP_CLASS4`, `DSCP_EXPRESS_FORWARDING`, `DSCP_CONTROL_L3`, `DSCP_CONTROL_L2`<br>Precedence Level Values. DSCP Precedence Level Values Best Effort service will get any available bandwidth DSCP Class 1 service DSCP Class 2 service DSCP Class 3 service DSCP Class 4 service Express Forwarding is used for low latency traffic Control is used for routing traffic, not recommended Link Layer traffic like LACP or keepalive, not recommended

<a id="policer"></a>

**Policer**

A `policer` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A `timeouts` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_forwarding_class.example system/example
```
