---
page_title: "f5xc_ike_phase2_profile Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  Manages a IKEPhase2Profile resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for ike phase2 profile configuration.
---

# f5xc_ike_phase2_profile (Resource)

Manages a IKEPhase2Profile resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for ike phase2 profile configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Ike Phase2 Profile API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/views-ike-phase2-profile) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Ike Phase2 Profile Resource Example
# Manages a IKEPhase2Profile resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for ike phase2 profile configuration.

# Basic Ike Phase2 Profile configuration
resource "f5xc_ike_phase2_profile" "example" {
  name      = "example-ike-phase2-profile"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: dh_group_set, disable_pfs] Diffie Hellman Groups....
  dh_group_set {
    # Configure dh_group_set settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  disable_pfs {
    # Configure disable_pfs settings
  }
  # [OneOf: ike_keylifetime_hours, ike_keylifetime_minutes, u...
  ike_keylifetime_hours {
    # Configure ike_keylifetime_hours settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the IKEPhase2Profile. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the IKEPhase2Profile will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`authentication_algos`](#authentication-algos) - Optional List  Defaults to `AUTH_ALG_DEFAULT`<br>Possible values are `AUTH_ALG_DEFAULT`, `SHA256_HMAC`, `SHA384_HMAC`, `SHA512_HMAC`, `AUTH_ALG_NONE`<br>Authentication Algorithms. Choose one or more Authentication Algorithm. Use None option when using the AES-gcm or AES-ccm encryption algorithms

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`dh_group_set`](#dh-group-set) - Optional Block<br>Diffie Hellman Groups. Choose the acceptable Diffie Hellman(DH) Group or Groups that you are willing to accept as part of this profile<br>See [Dh Group Set](#dh-group-set) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`disable_pfs`](#disable-pfs) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`encryption_algos`](#encryption-algos) - Optional List  Defaults to `ENC_ALG_DEFAULT`<br>Possible values are `ENC_ALG_DEFAULT`, `AES128_CBC`, `AES192_CBC`, `AES256_CBC`, `TRIPLE_DES_CBC`, `AES128_GCM`, `AES192_GCM`, `AES256_GCM`<br>Encryption Algorithms. Choose one or more encryption algorithms

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`ike_keylifetime_hours`](#ike-keylifetime-hours) - Optional Block<br>Hours. Input Hours<br>See [Ike Keylifetime Hours](#ike-keylifetime-hours) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`ike_keylifetime_minutes`](#ike-keylifetime-minutes) - Optional Block<br>Minutes. Set IKE Key Lifetime in minutes<br>See [Ike Keylifetime Minutes](#ike-keylifetime-minutes) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`use_default_keylifetime`](#use-default-keylifetime) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="dh-group-set"></a>

#### Dh Group Set

A [`dh_group_set`](#dh-group-set) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dh_groups`](#dh-groups) - Optional List  Defaults to `DH_GROUP_DEFAULT`<br>Possible values are `DH_GROUP_DEFAULT`, `DH_GROUP_14`, `DH_GROUP_15`, `DH_GROUP_16`, `DH_GROUP_17`, `DH_GROUP_18`, `DH_GROUP_19`, `DH_GROUP_20`, `DH_GROUP_21`, `DH_GROUP_26`<br>Diffie Hellman Groups. Choose the acceptable Diffie Hellman(DH) Group or Groups that you are willing to accept as part of this profile

<a id="ike-keylifetime-hours"></a>

#### Ike Keylifetime Hours

An [`ike_keylifetime_hours`](#ike-keylifetime-hours) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`duration`](#duration) - Optional Number<br>Duration

<a id="ike-keylifetime-minutes"></a>

#### Ike Keylifetime Minutes

An [`ike_keylifetime_minutes`](#ike-keylifetime-minutes) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`duration`](#duration) - Optional Number<br>Duration

<a id="timeouts"></a>

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_ike_phase2_profile.example system/example
```
