---
page_title: "f5xc_infraprotect_internet_prefix_advertisement Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Infrastructure Protection"
description: |-
  Manages DDoS transit Internet Prefix in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_infraprotect_internet_prefix_advertisement (Resource)

Manages DDoS transit Internet Prefix in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Infraprotect Internet Prefix Advertisement Resource Example
# Manages DDoS transit Internet Prefix in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Infraprotect Internet Prefix Advertisement configuration
resource "f5xc_infraprotect_internet_prefix_advertisement" "example" {
  name      = "example-infraprotect-internet-prefix-advertisement"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: activation_announce, activation_withdraw] Empty. ...
  activation_announce {
    # Configure activation_announce settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  activation_withdraw {
    # Configure activation_withdraw settings
  }
  # [OneOf: expiration_never, expiration_timestamp] Empty. Th...
  expiration_never {
    # Configure expiration_never settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; `name` - Required String<br>Name of the InfraprotectInternetPrefixAdvertisement. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; `namespace` - Required String<br>Namespace where the InfraprotectInternetPrefixAdvertisement will be created

&#x2022; `annotations` - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; `description` - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; `disable` - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; `labels` - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; `activation_announce` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br>&#x2022; `activation_withdraw` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; `expiration_never` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br>&#x2022; `expiration_timestamp` - Optional String<br>Expiration Time (UTC). This advertisement will expire at the given timestamp and will be removed from the system afterwards

&#x2022; `prefix` - Optional String<br>Prefix. Advertisement Prefix Advertisement prefix lookup depending on type

&#x2022; `timeouts` - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; `id` - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; `create` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; `delete` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; `read` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; `update` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_infraprotect_internet_prefix_advertisement.example system/example
```
