---
page_title: "f5xc_infraprotect_tunnel Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Infrastructure Protection"
description: |-
  Manages DDoS transit tunnel in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_infraprotect_tunnel (Resource)

Manages DDoS transit tunnel in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Infraprotect Tunnel API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/infraprotect-tunnel) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Infraprotect Tunnel Resource Example
# Manages DDoS transit tunnel in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Infraprotect Tunnel configuration
resource "f5xc_infraprotect_tunnel" "example" {
  name      = "example-infraprotect-tunnel"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Bandwidth Speed Configuration. Bandwidth max allowed
  bandwidth {
    # Configure bandwidth settings
  }
  # BGP. BGP information associated with a DDoS transit tunnel.
  bgp_information {
    # Configure bgp_information settings
  }
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  asn {
    # Configure asn settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the InfraprotectTunnel. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the InfraprotectTunnel will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`bandwidth`](#bandwidth) - Optional Block<br>Bandwidth Speed Configuration. Bandwidth max allowed<br>See [Bandwidth](#bandwidth) below for details.

&#x2022; [`bgp_information`](#bgp-information) - Optional Block<br>BGP. BGP information associated with a DDOS transit tunnel<br>See [BGP Information](#bgp-information) below for details.

&#x2022; [`firewall_rule_group`](#firewall-rule-group) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Firewall Rule Group](#firewall-rule-group) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`gre_ipv4`](#gre-ipv4) - Optional Block<br>GRE IPv4 Tunnel. IPv4 Tunnel<br>See [Gre IPv4](#gre-ipv4) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`gre_ipv6`](#gre-ipv6) - Optional Block<br>GRE IPv6 Tunnel. IPv6 Tunnel<br>See [Gre IPv6](#gre-ipv6) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`ip_in_ip`](#ip-in-ip) - Optional Block<br>IP in IP Tunnel. IP in IP Tunnel<br>See [IP In IP](#ip-in-ip) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`ipv6_to_ipv6`](#ipv6-to-ipv6) - Optional Block<br>IPv6 to IPv6 Tunnel. IPv6 to IPv6 Tunnel<br>See [IPv6 To IPv6](#ipv6-to-ipv6) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

&#x2022; [`tunnel_location`](#tunnel-location) - Optional Block<br>Location. Location of a DDOS transit tunnel<br>See [Tunnel Location](#tunnel-location) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Bandwidth

A [`bandwidth`](#bandwidth) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`bandwidth_max_mb`](#bandwidth-bandwidth-max-mb) - Optional Number<br>Bandwidth Max in MB. Bandwidth max allowed

#### BGP Information

A [`bgp_information`](#bgp-information) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`asn`](#bgp-information-asn) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Asn](#bgp-information-asn) below.

&#x2022; [`holddown_timer_seconds`](#bgp-information-holddown-timer-seconds) - Optional Number<br>Hold down Timer. BGP hold down timer, in seconds

&#x2022; [`no_secret`](#bgp-information-no-secret) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`peer_secret_override`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Peer Secret Override](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override) below.

&#x2022; [`use_default_secret`](#bgp-information-use-default-secret) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### BGP Information Asn

An [`asn`](#bgp-information-asn) block (within [`bgp_information`](#bgp-information)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#bgp-information-asn-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#bgp-information-asn-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#bgp-information-asn-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### BGP Information Peer Secret Override

A [`peer_secret_override`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override) block (within [`bgp_information`](#bgp-information)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-clear-secret-info) below.

#### BGP Information Peer Secret Override Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`bgp_information.peer_secret_override`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### BGP Information Peer Secret Override Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-clear-secret-info) block (within [`bgp_information.peer_secret_override`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#bgp-information-peer-secret-override-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Firewall Rule Group

A [`firewall_rule_group`](#firewall-rule-group) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#firewall-rule-group-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#firewall-rule-group-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#firewall-rule-group-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Gre IPv4

A [`gre_ipv4`](#gre-ipv4) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`customer_endpoint_ipv4`](#gre-ipv4-customer-endpoint-ipv4) - Optional String<br>Customer Endpoint IP. IPv4 address for the customer endpoint of the tunnel

&#x2022; [`fragmentation_disabled`](#gre-ipv4-fragmentation-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`fragmentation_enabled`](#gre-ipv4-fragmentation-enabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ipv6_interconnect_disabled`](#gre-ipv4-ipv6-interconnect-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ipv6_interconnect_enabled`](#gre-ipv4-ipv6-interconnect-enabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`keepalive_disabled`](#gre-ipv4-keepalive-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`keepalive_enabled`](#gre-ipv4-keepalive-enabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Gre IPv6

A [`gre_ipv6`](#gre-ipv6) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`customer_endpoint_ipv6`](#gre-ipv6-customer-endpoint-ipv6) - Optional String<br>Customer Endpoint IP. IPv6 address for the customer endpoint of the tunnel

&#x2022; [`ipv4_interconnect_disabled`](#gre-ipv6-ipv4-interconnect-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ipv4_interconnect_enabled`](#gre-ipv6-ipv4-interconnect-enabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### IP In IP

An [`ip_in_ip`](#ip-in-ip) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`customer_endpoint_ipv4`](#ip-in-ip-customer-endpoint-ipv4) - Optional String<br>Customer Endpoint IP. IPv4 address for the customer endpoint of the tunnel

#### IPv6 To IPv6

An [`ipv6_to_ipv6`](#ipv6-to-ipv6) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`customer_endpoint_ipv6`](#ipv6-to-ipv6-customer-endpoint-ipv6) - Optional String<br>Customer Endpoint IP. IPv6 address for the customer endpoint of the tunnel

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### Tunnel Location

A [`tunnel_location`](#tunnel-location) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#tunnel-location-name) - Optional String<br>Location Name. Destination tunnel Location

&#x2022; [`zone1`](#tunnel-location-zone1) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`zone2`](#tunnel-location-zone2) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_infraprotect_tunnel.example system/example
```
