---
page_title: "f5xc_infraprotect_deny_list_rule Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Infrastructure Protection"
description: |-
  Manages DDoS transit Deny List Rule in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_infraprotect_deny_list_rule (Resource)

Manages DDoS transit Deny List Rule in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Infraprotect Deny List Rule Resource Example
# Manages DDoS transit Deny List Rule in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Infraprotect Deny List Rule configuration
resource "f5xc_infraprotect_deny_list_rule" "example" {
  name      = "example-infraprotect-deny-list-rule"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: expiration_never, expiration_timestamp, one_day, ...
  expiration_never {
    # Configure expiration_never settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  one_day {
    # Configure one_day settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  one_hour {
    # Configure one_hour settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; `name` - Required String<br>Name of the InfraprotectDenyListRule. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; `namespace` - Required String<br>Namespace where the InfraprotectDenyListRule will be created

&#x2022; `annotations` - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; `description` - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; `disable` - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; `labels` - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; `expiration_never` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br>&#x2022; `expiration_timestamp` - Optional String<br>Expiration Time (UTC). This deny list rule will expire at the given timestamp and will be removed from the system afterwards
<br>&#x2022; `one_day` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br>&#x2022; `one_hour` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br>&#x2022; `one_month` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br>&#x2022; `one_year` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `prefix` - Optional String<br>Prefix. Prefix

&#x2022; `timeouts` - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; `id` - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; `create` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; `delete` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; `read` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; `update` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_infraprotect_deny_list_rule.example system/example
```
