---
page_title: "f5xc_ip_prefix_set Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages ip_prefix_set creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_ip_prefix_set (Resource)

Manages ip_prefix_set creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [IP Prefix Set API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/ip-prefix-set) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# IP Prefix Set Resource Example
# Manages ip_prefix_set creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic IP Prefix Set configuration
resource "f5xc_ip_prefix_set" "example" {
  name      = "example-ip-prefix-set"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # IP Prefix Set configuration
  prefix = ["192.168.1.0/24", "10.0.0.0/8"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the IPPrefixSet. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the IPPrefixSet will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`ipv4_prefixes`](#ipv4-prefixes) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Prefixes. list of IPv4 prefixes with description<br>See [IPv4 Prefixes](#ipv4-prefixes) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="ipv4-prefixes"></a>

**IPv4 Prefixes**

An [`ipv4_prefixes`](#ipv4-prefixes) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Description

&#x2022; [`ipv4_prefix`](#ipv4-prefix) - Optional String<br>IPv4 Prefix

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_ip_prefix_set.example system/example
```
