---
page_title: "f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Manages k8s_cluster_role_binding will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding (Resource)

Manages k8s_cluster_role_binding will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [K8s Cluster Role Binding API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/k8s-cluster-role-binding) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# K8s Cluster Role Binding Resource Example
# Manages k8s_cluster_role_binding will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic K8s Cluster Role Binding configuration
resource "f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding" "example" {
  name      = "example-k8s-cluster-role-binding"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  k8s_cluster_role {
    # Configure k8s_cluster_role settings
  }
  # Subjects. List of subjects (user, group or service accoun...
  subjects {
    # Configure subjects settings
  }
  # ServiceAccountType.
  service_account {
    # Configure service_account settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the K8SClusterRoleBinding. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the K8SClusterRoleBinding will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`k8s_cluster_role`](#k8s-cluster-role) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [K8s Cluster Role](#k8s-cluster-role) below for details.

&#x2022; [`subjects`](#subjects) - Optional Block<br>Subjects. List of subjects (user, group or service account) to which this role is bound<br>See [Subjects](#subjects) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### K8s Cluster Role

A [`k8s_cluster_role`](#k8s-cluster-role) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Subjects

A [`subjects`](#subjects) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`group`](#group) - Optional String<br>Group. Group id of the user group

&#x2022; [`service_account`](#service-account) - Optional Block<br>ServiceAccountType<br>See [Service Account](#subjects-service-account) below.

&#x2022; [`user`](#user) - Optional String<br>User. User id of the user

#### Subjects Service Account

A [`service_account`](#subjects-service-account) block (within [`subjects`](#subjects)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the service account

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. Namespace of the service account

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding.example system/example
```
