---
page_title: "f5xc_k8s_cluster_role Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Manages k8s_cluster_role will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_k8s_cluster_role (Resource)

Manages k8s_cluster_role will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [K8s Cluster Role API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/k8s-cluster-role) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# K8s Cluster Role Resource Example
# Manages k8s_cluster_role will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic K8s Cluster Role configuration
resource "f5xc_k8s_cluster_role" "example" {
  name      = "example-k8s-cluster-role"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: k8s_cluster_role_selector, policy_rule_list, yaml...
  k8s_cluster_role_selector {
    # Configure k8s_cluster_role_selector settings
  }
  # Policy Rule List. List of rules for role permissions
  policy_rule_list {
    # Configure policy_rule_list settings
  }
  # Policy Rules. List of rules for role permissions
  policy_rule {
    # Configure policy_rule settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the K8SClusterRole. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the K8SClusterRole will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`k8s_cluster_role_selector`](#k8s-cluster-role-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string <selector-syntax> ::= <requirement> | <requirement> ',' <selector-syntax> <requirement> ::= [!] KEY [ <set-based-restriction> | <exact-match-restriction> ] <set-based-restriction> ::= '' | <inclusion-exclusion> <value-set> <inclusion-exclusion> ::= <inclusion> | <exclusion> <exclusion> ::= 'notin' <inclusion> ::= 'in' <value-set> ::= '(' <values> ')' <values> ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' <values> <exact-match-restriction> ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [K8s Cluster Role Selector](#k8s-cluster-role-selector) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`policy_rule_list`](#policy-rule-list) - Optional Block<br>Policy Rule List. List of rules for role permissions<br>See [Policy Rule List](#policy-rule-list) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`yaml`](#yaml) - Optional String<br>K8s YAML. K8s YAML for ClusterRole

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="k8s-cluster-role-selector"></a>

#### K8s Cluster Role Selector

A [`k8s_cluster_role_selector`](#k8s-cluster-role-selector) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`expressions`](#expressions) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

<a id="policy-rule-list"></a>

#### Policy Rule List

A [`policy_rule_list`](#policy-rule-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`policy_rule`](#policy-rule) - Optional Block<br>Policy Rules. List of rules for role permissions<br>See [Policy Rule](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule) below.

<a id="policy-rule-list-policy-rule"></a>

#### Policy Rule

A [`policy_rule`](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule) block (within [`policy_rule_list`](#policy-rule-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`non_resource_url_list`](#non-resource-url-list) - Optional Block<br>List of Non Resource URL(s). permissions for URL(s) that do not represent K8s resource<br>See [Non Resource URL List](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule-non-resource-url-list) below.

&#x2022; [`resource_list`](#resource-list) - Optional Block<br>Resource List. List of resources in terms of API groups/resource types/resource instances and verbs allowed<br>See [Resource List](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule-resource-list) below.

<a id="policy-rule-list-policy-rule-non-resource-url-list"></a>

#### Non Resource URL List

A [`non_resource_url_list`](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule-non-resource-url-list) block (within [`policy_rule_list.policy_rule`](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`urls`](#urls) - Optional List<br>Non Resource URL(s). allowed URL(s) that do not represent any K8s resource. URL can be suffix or regex

&#x2022; [`verbs`](#verbs) - Optional List<br>Allowed Verbs. Allowed list of verbs(operations) on resources. Use VerbAll for all operations

<a id="policy-rule-list-policy-rule-resource-list"></a>

#### Resource List

A [`resource_list`](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule-resource-list) block (within [`policy_rule_list.policy_rule`](#policy-rule-list-policy-rule)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_groups`](#api-groups) - Optional List<br>API Groups. Allowed list of API group that contains resources, all resources of a given API group

&#x2022; [`resource_instances`](#resource-instances) - Optional List<br>Resource Instances. Allowed list of resource instances within the resource types

&#x2022; [`resource_types`](#resource-types) - Optional List<br>Resource Types. Allowed list of resource types within the API groups

&#x2022; [`verbs`](#verbs) - Optional List<br>Allowed Verbs. Allowed list of verbs(operations) on resources. Use * for all operations

<a id="timeouts"></a>

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_k8s_cluster_role.example system/example
```
