---
page_title: "f5xc_network_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages network policy rule with configured parameters in specified namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_network_policy_rule (Resource)

Manages network policy rule with configured parameters in specified namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Network Policy Rule API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/network-policy-rule) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Network Policy Rule Resource Example
# Manages network policy rule with configured parameters in specified namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Network Policy Rule configuration
resource "f5xc_network_policy_rule" "example" {
  name      = "example-network-policy-rule"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Network Policy Rule Advanced Action. Network Policy Rule ...
  advanced_action {
    # Configure advanced_action settings
  }
  # [OneOf: ip_prefix_set, prefix, prefix_selector] IP Prefix...
  ip_prefix_set {
    # Configure ip_prefix_set settings
  }
  # Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects.
  ref {
    # Configure ref settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the NetworkPolicyRule. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the NetworkPolicyRule will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`action`](#action) - Optional String  Defaults to `DENY`<br>Possible values are `DENY`, `ALLOW`<br>Network Policy Rule Action. Network policy rule action configures the action to be taken on rule match Apply deny action on rule match Apply allow action on rule match

&#x2022; [`advanced_action`](#advanced-action) - Optional Block<br>Network Policy Rule Advanced Action. Network Policy Rule Advanced Action provides additional options along with RuleAction and PBRRuleAction<br>See [Advanced Action](#advanced-action) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`ip_prefix_set`](#ip-prefix-set) - Optional Block<br>IP Prefix Set Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects<br>See [IP Prefix Set](#ip-prefix-set) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`prefix`](#prefix) - Optional Block<br>IP Prefix List. List of IP Address prefixes. Prefix must contain both prefix and prefix-length The list can contain mix of both IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes<br>See [Prefix](#prefix) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`prefix_selector`](#prefix-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string `<selector-syntax>` ::= `<requirement>` | `<requirement>` ',' `<selector-syntax>` `<requirement>` ::= [!] KEY [ `<set-based-restriction>` | `<exact-match-restriction>` ] `<set-based-restriction>` ::= '' | `<inclusion-exclusion>` `<value-set>` `<inclusion-exclusion>` ::= `<inclusion>` | `<exclusion>` `<exclusion>` ::= 'notin' `<inclusion>` ::= 'in' `<value-set>` ::= '(' `<values>` ')' `<values>` ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' `<values>` `<exact-match-restriction>` ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [Prefix Selector](#prefix-selector) below for details.

&#x2022; [`label_matcher`](#label-matcher) - Optional Block<br>Label Matcher. A label matcher specifies a list of label keys whose values need to match for source/client and destination/server. Note that the actual label values are not specified and do not matter. This allows an ability to scope grouping by the label key name<br>See [Label Matcher](#label-matcher) below for details.

&#x2022; [`ports`](#ports) - Optional List<br>List of Port Ranges. List of port ranges. Each range is a single port or a pair of start and end ports e.g. 8080-8192

&#x2022; [`protocol`](#protocol) - Optional String<br>Protocol. Protocol in IP packet to be used as match criteria Values are TCP, UDP, and ICMP

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Advanced Action

An [`advanced_action`](#advanced-action) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`action`](#action) - Optional String  Defaults to `NOLOG`<br>Possible values are `NOLOG`, `LOG`<br>Log Action. Choice to choose logging or no logging This works together with option selected via NetworkPolicyRuleAction or any other action specified x-example: (No Selection in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + AdvancedAction as LOG) = LOG Only, (ALLOW/DENY in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + AdvancedAction as LOG) = Log and Allow/Deny, (ALLOW/DENY in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + NOLOG in AdvancedAction) = Allow/Deny with no log Don't sample the traffic hitting the rule Sample the traffic hitting the rule

#### IP Prefix Set

An [`ip_prefix_set`](#ip-prefix-set) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`ref`](#ref) - Optional Block<br>Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects<br>See [Ref](#ip-prefix-set-ref) below.

#### IP Prefix Set Ref

A [`ref`](#ip-prefix-set-ref) block (within [`ip_prefix_set`](#ip-prefix-set)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Label Matcher

A [`label_matcher`](#label-matcher) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`keys`](#keys) - Optional List<br>Keys. The list of label key names that have to match

#### Prefix

A [`prefix`](#prefix) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`prefix`](#prefix) - Optional List<br>Prefix. IP Address prefix in string format. String must contain both prefix and prefix-length<br>See [Prefix](#prefix) below for details.

#### Prefix Selector

A [`prefix_selector`](#prefix-selector) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`expressions`](#expressions) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_network_policy_rule.example system/example
```
