---
page_title: "f5xc_policy_based_routing Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a PolicyBasedRouting resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for network policy based routing create configuration.
---

# f5xc_policy_based_routing (Resource)

Manages a PolicyBasedRouting resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for network policy based routing create configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Policy Based Routing API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/views-policy-based-routing) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Policy Based Routing Resource Example
# Manages a PolicyBasedRouting resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for network policy based routing create configuration.

# Basic Policy Based Routing configuration
resource "f5xc_policy_based_routing" "example" {
  name      = "example-policy-based-routing"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: forward_proxy_pbr, network_pbr] L3/L4 routing rul...
  forward_proxy_pbr {
    # Configure forward_proxy_pbr settings
  }
  # L3/L4 routing rules. Network(L3/L4) routing policy rules.
  forward_proxy_pbr_rules {
    # Configure forward_proxy_pbr_rules settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  all_destinations {
    # Configure all_destinations settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the PolicyBasedRouting. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the PolicyBasedRouting will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`forward_proxy_pbr`](#forward-proxy-pbr) - Optional Block<br>L3/L4 routing rule. Network(L3/L4) routing policy rule<br>See [Forward Proxy Pbr](#forward-proxy-pbr) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`network_pbr`](#network-pbr) - Optional Block<br>Network (L2/L3) routing Policy. Network(L3/L4) routing policy rule<br>See [Network Pbr](#network-pbr) below for details.

&#x2022; [`forwarding_class_list`](#forwarding-class-list) - Optional Block<br>Default Forwarding Classes. Ordered list of forwarding Class to be used if source application match and no rule match<br>See [Forwarding Class List](#forwarding-class-list) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Forward Proxy Pbr

A [`forward_proxy_pbr`](#forward-proxy-pbr) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules) - Optional Block<br>L3/L4 routing rules. Network(L3/L4) routing policy rules<br>See [Forward Proxy Pbr Rules](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules) below.

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules

A [`forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr`](#forward-proxy-pbr)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`all_destinations`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-all-destinations) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`all_sources`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-all-sources) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`forwarding_class_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list) - Optional Block<br>Forwarding Class. Ordered list of forwarding Class to be used if no rule match<br>See [Forwarding Class List](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list) below.

&#x2022; [`http_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list) - Optional Block<br>URLListType<br>See [HTTP List](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list) below.

&#x2022; [`ip_prefix_set`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [IP Prefix Set](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set) below.

&#x2022; [`label_selector`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-label-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string `<selector-syntax>` ::= `<requirement>` | `<requirement>` ',' `<selector-syntax>` `<requirement>` ::= [!] KEY [ `<set-based-restriction>` | `<exact-match-restriction>` ] `<set-based-restriction>` ::= '' | `<inclusion-exclusion>` `<value-set>` `<inclusion-exclusion>` ::= `<inclusion>` | `<exclusion>` `<exclusion>` ::= 'notin' `<inclusion>` ::= 'in' `<value-set>` ::= '(' `<values>` ')' `<values>` ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' `<values>` `<exact-match-restriction>` ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [Label Selector](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-label-selector) below.

&#x2022; [`metadata`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-metadata) - Optional Block<br>Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs<br>See [Metadata](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-metadata) below.

&#x2022; [`prefix_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-prefix-list) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Prefix List. x-example: '192.168.20.0/24' List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint<br>See [Prefix List](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-prefix-list) below.

&#x2022; [`tls_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list) - Optional Block<br>DomainListType<br>See [TLS List](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list) below.

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules Forwarding Class List

A [`forwarding_class_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules HTTP List

A [`http_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`http_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list) - Optional Block<br>HTTP URLs. URLs for HTTP connections<br>See [HTTP List](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list) below.

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules HTTP List HTTP List

A [`http_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules.http_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`any_path`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list-any-path) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`exact_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list-exact-value) - Optional String<br>Exact Values. Exact domain name

&#x2022; [`path_exact_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list-path-exact-value) - Optional String<br>Exact Path. Exact Path to match

&#x2022; [`path_prefix_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list-path-prefix-value) - Optional String<br>Prefix of Path. Prefix of Path e.g '/abc/xyz' will match '/abc/xyz/.*'

&#x2022; [`path_regex_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list-path-regex-value) - Optional String<br>Regex of Path. Regular Expression value for the Path to match

&#x2022; [`regex_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list-regex-value) - Optional String<br>Regex Values of Domains. Regular Expression value for the domain name

&#x2022; [`suffix_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-http-list-http-list-suffix-value) - Optional String<br>Suffix Values. Suffix of domain names e.g 'xyz.com' will match '*.xyz.com'

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules IP Prefix Set

An [`ip_prefix_set`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules Label Selector

A [`label_selector`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-label-selector) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`expressions`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-label-selector-expressions) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules Metadata

A [`metadata`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-metadata) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`description`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-metadata-description) - Optional String<br>Description. Human readable description

&#x2022; [`name`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-metadata-name) - Optional String<br>Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules Prefix List

A [`prefix_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-prefix-list) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`prefixes`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-prefix-list-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules TLS List

A [`tls_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`tls_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list-tls-list) - Optional Block<br>TLS Domains. Domains in SNI for TLS connections<br>See [TLS List](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list-tls-list) below.

#### Forward Proxy Pbr Forward Proxy Pbr Rules TLS List TLS List

A [`tls_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list-tls-list) block (within [`forward_proxy_pbr.forward_proxy_pbr_rules.tls_list`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`exact_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list-tls-list-exact-value) - Optional String<br>Exact Value. Exact domain name

&#x2022; [`regex_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list-tls-list-regex-value) - Optional String<br>Regex Values of Domains. Regular Expression value for the domain name

&#x2022; [`suffix_value`](#forward-proxy-pbr-forward-proxy-pbr-rules-tls-list-tls-list-suffix-value) - Optional String<br>Suffix Value. Suffix of domain name e.g 'xyz.com' will match '*.xyz.com' and 'xyz.com'

#### Forwarding Class List

A [`forwarding_class_list`](#forwarding-class-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#forwarding-class-list-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#forwarding-class-list-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#forwarding-class-list-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Network Pbr

A [`network_pbr`](#network-pbr) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`any`](#network-pbr-any) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`label_selector`](#network-pbr-label-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string `<selector-syntax>` ::= `<requirement>` | `<requirement>` ',' `<selector-syntax>` `<requirement>` ::= [!] KEY [ `<set-based-restriction>` | `<exact-match-restriction>` ] `<set-based-restriction>` ::= '' | `<inclusion-exclusion>` `<value-set>` `<inclusion-exclusion>` ::= `<inclusion>` | `<exclusion>` `<exclusion>` ::= 'notin' `<inclusion>` ::= 'in' `<value-set>` ::= '(' `<values>` ')' `<values>` ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' `<values>` `<exact-match-restriction>` ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [Label Selector](#network-pbr-label-selector) below.

&#x2022; [`network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules) - Optional Block<br>L3/L4 Destination Routing Rules. Network(L3/L4) routing policy rule<br>See [Network Pbr Rules](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules) below.

&#x2022; [`prefix_list`](#network-pbr-prefix-list) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Prefix List. x-example: '192.168.20.0/24' List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint<br>See [Prefix List](#network-pbr-prefix-list) below.

#### Network Pbr Label Selector

A [`label_selector`](#network-pbr-label-selector) block (within [`network_pbr`](#network-pbr)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`expressions`](#network-pbr-label-selector-expressions) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules

A [`network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules) block (within [`network_pbr`](#network-pbr)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`all_tcp_traffic`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-all-tcp-traffic) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`all_traffic`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-all-traffic) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`all_udp_traffic`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-all-udp-traffic) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`any`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-any) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`applications`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-applications) - Optional Block<br>Applications. Application protocols like HTTP, SNMP<br>See [Applications](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-applications) below.

&#x2022; [`dns_name`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-dns-name) - Optional String<br>DNS Name to IP. Resolve hostname to get the IP

&#x2022; [`forwarding_class_list`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list) - Optional Block<br>Forwarding Classes. Ordered list of forwarding Class to be used if rule match<br>See [Forwarding Class List](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list) below.

&#x2022; [`ip_prefix_set`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set) - Optional Block<br>IP Prefix Set Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects<br>See [IP Prefix Set](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set) below.

&#x2022; [`metadata`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-metadata) - Optional Block<br>Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs<br>See [Metadata](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-metadata) below.

&#x2022; [`prefix_list`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-prefix-list) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Prefix List. x-example: '192.168.20.0/24' List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint<br>See [Prefix List](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-prefix-list) below.

&#x2022; [`protocol_port_range`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-protocol-port-range) - Optional Block<br>Protocol and Port. Protocol and Port ranges<br>See [Protocol Port Range](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-protocol-port-range) below.

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules Applications

An [`applications`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-applications) block (within [`network_pbr.network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`applications`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-applications-applications) - Optional List  Defaults to `APPLICATION_HTTP`<br>Possible values are `APPLICATION_HTTP`, `APPLICATION_HTTPS`, `APPLICATION_SNMP`, `APPLICATION_DNS`<br>Application Protocols. Application protocols like HTTP, SNMP

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules Forwarding Class List

A [`forwarding_class_list`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list) block (within [`network_pbr.network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-forwarding-class-list-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules IP Prefix Set

An [`ip_prefix_set`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set) block (within [`network_pbr.network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`ref`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref) - Optional Block<br>Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects<br>See [Ref](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref) below.

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules IP Prefix Set Ref

A [`ref`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref) block (within [`network_pbr.network_pbr_rules.ip_prefix_set`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-ip-prefix-set-ref-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules Metadata

A [`metadata`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-metadata) block (within [`network_pbr.network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`description`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-metadata-description) - Optional String<br>Description. Human readable description

&#x2022; [`name`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-metadata-name) - Optional String<br>Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules Prefix List

A [`prefix_list`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-prefix-list) block (within [`network_pbr.network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`prefixes`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-prefix-list-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint

#### Network Pbr Network Pbr Rules Protocol Port Range

A [`protocol_port_range`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-protocol-port-range) block (within [`network_pbr.network_pbr_rules`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`port_ranges`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-protocol-port-range-port-ranges) - Optional List<br>List of Port Ranges. List of port ranges. Each range is a single port or a pair of start and end ports e.g. 8080-8192

&#x2022; [`protocol`](#network-pbr-network-pbr-rules-protocol-port-range-protocol) - Optional String<br>Protocol. Protocol in IP packet to be used as match criteria Values are TCP, UDP, and ICMP

#### Network Pbr Prefix List

A [`prefix_list`](#network-pbr-prefix-list) block (within [`network_pbr`](#network-pbr)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`prefixes`](#network-pbr-prefix-list-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_policy_based_routing.example system/example
```
