---
page_title: "f5xc_policer Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Service Mesh"
description: |-
  Manages new policer with traffic rate limits in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_policer (Resource)

Manages new policer with traffic rate limits in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Policer API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/policer) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Policer Resource Example
# Manages new policer with traffic rate limits in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Policer configuration
resource "f5xc_policer" "example" {
  name      = "example-policer"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Policer. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Policer will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`burst_size`](#burst-size) - Optional Number<br>Burst Size(pps). The maximum size permitted for bursts of data. e.g. 10000 pps burst

&#x2022; [`committed_information_rate`](#committed-information-rate) - Optional Number<br>Committed Information Rate(pps). The committed information rate is the guaranteed packets rate for traffic arriving or departing under normal conditions. e.g. 10000 pps

&#x2022; [`policer_mode`](#policer-mode) - Optional String  Defaults to `POLICER_MODE_NOT_SHARED`<br>Possible values are `POLICER_MODE_NOT_SHARED`, `POLICER_MODE_SHARED`<br>Policer Mode. - POLICER_MODE_NOT_SHARED: Not Shared A separate policer instance is created for each reference to the policer - POLICER_MODE_SHARED: Shared A common policer instance is used for for all references to the policer

&#x2022; [`policer_type`](#policer-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `POLICER_SINGLE_RATE_TWO_COLOR`<br>Policer Type. Specifies the type of Policer Basic Single-Rate Two-Color Policer. The only possible value is `POLICER_SINGLE_RATE_TWO_COLOR`

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_policer.example system/example
```
