---
page_title: "f5xc_protocol_policer Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages protocol_policer object, protocol_policer object contains list of L4 protocol match condition and corresponding traffic rate limits in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_protocol_policer (Resource)

Manages protocol_policer object, protocol_policer object contains list of L4 protocol match condition and corresponding traffic rate limits in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Protocol Policer API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/protocol-policer) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Protocol Policer Resource Example
# Manages protocol_policer object, protocol_policer object contains list of L4 protocol match condition and corresponding traffic rate limits in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Protocol Policer configuration
resource "f5xc_protocol_policer" "example" {
  name      = "example-protocol-policer"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Protocol Policer. List of L4 protocol match condition and...
  protocol_policer {
    # Configure protocol_policer settings
  }
  # Policer. Reference to policer object to apply traffic rat...
  policer {
    # Configure policer settings
  }
  # Protocol Type. Protocol and protocol specific flags to be...
  protocol {
    # Configure protocol settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the ProtocolPolicer. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the ProtocolPolicer will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`protocol_policer`](#protocol-policer) - Optional Block<br>Protocol Policer. List of L4 protocol match condition and associated traffic rate limits<br>See [Protocol Policer](#protocol-policer) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Protocol Policer

A [`protocol_policer`](#protocol-policer) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`policer`](#protocol-policer-policer) - Optional Block<br>Policer. Reference to policer object to apply traffic rate limits<br>See [Policer](#protocol-policer-policer) below.

&#x2022; [`protocol`](#protocol-policer-protocol) - Optional Block<br>Protocol Type. Protocol and protocol specific flags to be matched in packet<br>See [Protocol](#protocol-policer-protocol) below.

#### Protocol Policer Policer

A [`policer`](#protocol-policer-policer) block (within [`protocol_policer`](#protocol-policer)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#protocol-policer-policer-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#protocol-policer-policer-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#protocol-policer-policer-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#protocol-policer-policer-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#protocol-policer-policer-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Protocol Policer Protocol

A [`protocol`](#protocol-policer-protocol) block (within [`protocol_policer`](#protocol-policer)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dns`](#protocol-policer-protocol-dns) - Optional Block<br>DNS Packets. Match all DNS packets inclusing UDP and TCP

&#x2022; [`icmp`](#protocol-policer-protocol-icmp) - Optional Block<br>ICMP Packet Type. ICMP message type to match in packet<br>See [ICMP](#protocol-policer-protocol-icmp) below.

&#x2022; [`tcp`](#protocol-policer-protocol-tcp) - Optional Block<br>TCP Packet Type. Specification of TCP flag to be matched in a TCP packet<br>See [TCP](#protocol-policer-protocol-tcp) below.

&#x2022; [`udp`](#protocol-policer-protocol-udp) - Optional Block<br>UDP Packets. Match all UDP packets

#### Protocol Policer Protocol ICMP

An [`icmp`](#protocol-policer-protocol-icmp) block (within [`protocol_policer.protocol`](#protocol-policer-protocol)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`type`](#protocol-policer-protocol-icmp-type) - Optional List  Defaults to `ECHO_REPLY`<br>Possible values are `ECHO_REPLY`, `ECHO_REQUEST`, `ALL_ICMP_MSG`<br>ICMP type. ICMP message type to be matched in packet

#### Protocol Policer Protocol TCP

A [`tcp`](#protocol-policer-protocol-tcp) block (within [`protocol_policer.protocol`](#protocol-policer-protocol)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`flags`](#protocol-policer-protocol-tcp-flags) - Optional List  Defaults to `FIN`<br>Possible values are `FIN`, `SYN`, `RST`, `PSH`, `ACK`, `URG`, `ALL_TCP_FLAGS`, `KEEPALIVE`<br>TCP flags. TCP flag to be matched in a TCP packet

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_protocol_policer.example system/example
```
