---
page_title: "f5xc_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a Proxy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for tcp loadbalancer create configuration.
---

# f5xc_proxy (Resource)

Manages a Proxy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for tcp loadbalancer create configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Proxy API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/views-proxy) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Proxy Resource Example
# Manages a Proxy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for tcp loadbalancer create configuration.

# Basic Proxy configuration
resource "f5xc_proxy" "example" {
  name      = "example-proxy"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Proxy configuration
  proxy_url = "`http://proxy.example.com:8080"`
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Proxy. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Proxy will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="active-forward-proxy-policies"></a>[`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies) - Optional Block<br>Active Forward Proxy Policies Type. Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active<br>See [Active Forward Proxy Policies](#active-forward-proxy-policies) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="no-forward-proxy-policy"></a>[`no_forward_proxy_policy`](#no-forward-proxy-policy) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="connection-timeout"></a>&#x2022; [`connection_timeout`](#connection-timeout) - Optional Number  Defaults to `2000`  Specified in milliseconds<br>Connection Timeout. The timeout for new network connections to upstream server.  The (2 seconds)

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="do-not-advertise"></a>[`do_not_advertise`](#do-not-advertise) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="site-virtual-sites"></a>[`site_virtual_sites`](#site-virtual-sites) - Optional Block<br>Advertise Site or Virtual Site. This defines a way to advertise a VIP on specific sites

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="dynamic-proxy"></a>[`dynamic_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy) - Optional Block<br>DynamicProxyType<br>See [Dynamic Proxy](#dynamic-proxy) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="http-proxy"></a>[`http_proxy`](#http-proxy) - Optional Block<br>HTTP Connect Proxy. Parameters for HTTP Connect Proxy

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="no-interception"></a>[`no_interception`](#no-interception) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="tls-intercept"></a>[`tls_intercept`](#tls-intercept) - Optional Block<br>Configuration for TLS interception. Configuration to enable TLS interception

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="site-local-inside-network"></a>[`site_local_inside_network`](#site-local-inside-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="site-local-network"></a>[`site_local_network`](#site-local-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Active Forward Proxy Policies

An [`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies) block supports the following:

<a id="active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies"></a>&#x2022; [`forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies) - Optional Block<br>Forward Proxy Policies. Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active<br>See [Forward Proxy Policies](#active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies) below.

#### Active Forward Proxy Policies Forward Proxy Policies

A [`forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies) block (within [`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies)) supports the following:

<a id="active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Dynamic Proxy

A [`dynamic_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy) block supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-disable-dns-masquerade"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_dns_masquerade`](#dynamic-proxy-disable-dns-masquerade) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-domains"></a>&#x2022; [`domains`](#dynamic-proxy-domains) - Optional List<br>Domains. A list of Domains to be proxied. Wildcard hosts are supported in the suffix or prefix form Supported Domains and search order: 1. Exact Domain names: `www.foo.com.` 2. Domains starting with a Wildcard: *.foo.com. Not supported Domains: - Just a Wildcard: * - A Wildcard and TLD with no root Domain: *.com. - A Wildcard not matching a whole DNS label. e.g. *.foo.com and *.bar.foo.com are valid Wildcards however *bar.foo.com, *-bar.foo.com, and bar*.foo.com are all invalid. Additional notes: A Wildcard will not match empty string. e.g. *.foo.com will match bar.foo.com and baz-bar.foo.com but not .foo.com. The longest Wildcards match first. Only a single virtual host in the entire route configuration can match on *. Also a Domain must be unique across all virtual hosts within an advertise policy

<a id="dynamic-proxy-enable-dns-masquerade"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_dns_masquerade`](#dynamic-proxy-enable-dns-masquerade) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy"></a>&#x2022; [`http_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy) - Optional Block<br>Dynamic HTTP Proxy Type. Parameters for dynamic HTTP proxy<br>See [HTTP Proxy](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy"></a>&#x2022; [`https_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy) - Optional Block<br>Dynamic HTTPS Proxy Type. Parameters for dynamic HTTPS proxy<br>See [HTTPS Proxy](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-sni-proxy"></a>&#x2022; [`sni_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-sni-proxy) - Optional Block<br>Dynamic SNI Proxy Type. Parameters for dynamic SNI proxy<br>See [Sni Proxy](#dynamic-proxy-sni-proxy) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy

A [`http_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy) block (within [`dynamic_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option"></a>&#x2022; [`more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option) - Optional Block<br>Advanced Options. This defines various options to define a route<br>See [More Option](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option

A [`more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy"></a>&#x2022; [`buffer_policy`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) - Optional Block<br>Buffer Configuration. Some upstream applications are not capable of handling streamed data. This config enables buffering the entire request before sending to upstream application. We can specify the maximum buffer size and buffer interval with this config. Buffering can be enabled and disabled at VirtualHost and Route levels Route level buffer configuration takes precedence<br>See [Buffer Policy](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params"></a>&#x2022; [`compression_params`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params) - Optional Block<br>Compression Parameters. Enables loadbalancer to compress dispatched data from an upstream service upon client request. The content is compressed and then sent to the client with the appropriate headers if either response and request allow. Only GZIP compression is supported. By default compression will be skipped when: A request does NOT contain accept-encoding header. A request includes accept-encoding header, but it does not contain “gzip” or “*”. A request includes accept-encoding with “gzip” or “*” with the weight “q=0”. Note that the “gzip” will have a higher weight then “*”. For example, if accept-encoding is “gzip;q=0,*;q=1”, the filter will not compress. But if the header is set to “*;q=0,gzip;q=1”, the filter will compress. A request whose accept-encoding header includes “identity”. A response contains a content-encoding header. A response contains a cache-control header whose value includes “no-transform”. A response contains a transfer-encoding header whose value includes “gzip”. A response does not contain a content-type value that matches one of the selected mime-types, which default to application/javascript, application/JSON, application/xhtml+XML, image/svg+XML, text/CSS, text/HTML, text/plain, text/XML. Neither content-length nor transfer-encoding headers are present in the response. Response size is smaller than 30 bytes (only applicable when transfer-encoding is not chunked). When compression is applied: The content-length is removed from response headers. Response headers contain “transfer-encoding: chunked” and do not contain “content-encoding” header. The “vary: accept-encoding” header is inserted on every response. GZIP Compression Level: A value which is optimal balance between speed of compression and amount of compression is chosen<br>See [Compression Params](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-custom-errors"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_errors`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-custom-errors) - Optional Block<br>Custom Error Responses. Map of integer error codes as keys and string values that can be used to provide custom HTTP pages for each error code. Key of the map can be either response code class or HTTP Error code. Response code classes for key is configured as follows 3 -- for 3xx response code class 4 -- for 4xx response code class 5 -- for 5xx response code class Value of the map is string which represents custom HTTP responses. Specific response code takes preference when both response code and response code class matches for a request

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-disable-default-error-pages"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_default_error_pages`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-disable-default-error-pages) - Optional Bool<br>Disable Default Error Pages. Disable the use of default F5XC error pages

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-disable-path-normalize"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_path_normalize`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-disable-path-normalize) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-enable-path-normalize"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_path_normalize`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-enable-path-normalize) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-idle-timeout"></a>&#x2022; [`idle_timeout`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-idle-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Idle Timeout. The amount of time that a stream can exist without upstream or downstream activity, in milliseconds. The stream is terminated with a HTTP 504 (Gateway Timeout) error code if no upstream response header has been received, otherwise the stream is reset

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-max-request-header-size"></a>&#x2022; [`max_request_header_size`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-max-request-header-size) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Request Header Size. The maximum request header size for downstream connections, in KiB. A HTTP 431 (Request Header Fields Too Large) error code is sent for requests that exceed this size. If multiple load balancers share the same advertise_policy, the highest value configured across all such load balancers is used for all the load balancers in question

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`request_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Cookies in Cookie Header. Cookies are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP request being routed towards upstream. Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied<br>See [Request Cookies To Add](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`request_cookies_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Cookies from Cookie Header. List of keys of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`request_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Request Headers. Headers are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP request being routed towards upstream. Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied<br>See [Request Headers To Add](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`request_headers_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Request Headers. List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`response_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Set-Cookie Headers. Cookies are name-value pairs along with optional attribute parameters to be added to HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied<br>See [Response Cookies To Add](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`response_cookies_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Cookies from Set-Cookie Headers. List of name of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Entire set-cookie header will be removed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`response_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Response Headers. Headers are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied<br>See [Response Headers To Add](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`response_headers_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Response Headers. List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Buffer Policy

A [`buffer_policy`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-disabled"></a>&#x2022; [`disabled`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-disabled) - Optional Bool<br>Disable. Disable buffering for a particular route. This is useful when virtual-host has buffering, but we need to disable it on a specific route. The value of this field is ignored for virtual-host

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-max-request-bytes"></a>&#x2022; [`max_request_bytes`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-max-request-bytes) - Optional Number<br>Max Request Bytes. The maximum request size that the filter will buffer before the connection manager will stop buffering and return a RequestEntityTooLarge (413) response

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Compression Params

A [`compression_params`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-length"></a>&#x2022; [`content_length`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-length) - Optional Number  Defaults to `30`<br>Content Length. Minimum response length, in bytes, which will trigger compression. The

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-type"></a>&#x2022; [`content_type`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-type) - Optional List<br>Content Type. Set of strings that allows specifying which mime-types yield compression When this field is not defined, compression will be applied to the following mime-types: 'application/javascript' 'application/JSON', 'application/xhtml+XML' 'image/svg+XML' 'text/CSS' 'text/HTML' 'text/plain' 'text/XML'

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-disable-on-etag-header"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_on_etag_header`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-disable-on-etag-header) - Optional Bool<br>Disable On Etag Header. If true, disables compression when the response contains an etag header. When it is false, weak etags will be preserved and the ones that require strong validation will be removed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-remove-accept-encoding-header"></a>&#x2022; [`remove_accept_encoding_header`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-remove-accept-encoding-header) - Optional Bool<br>Remove Accept-Encoding Header. If true, removes accept-encoding from the request headers before dispatching it to the upstream so that responses do not get compressed before reaching the filter

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add

A [`request_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the cookie in Cookie header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-overwrite"></a>&#x2022; [`overwrite`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-overwrite) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Overwrite. Should the value be overwritten? If true, the value is overwritten to existing values. not overwrite

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the Cookie header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add

A [`request_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-append"></a>&#x2022; [`append`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-append) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Append. Should the value be appended? If true, the value is appended to existing values. not append

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the HTTP header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the HTTP header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add

A [`response_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`add_domain`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-domain) - Optional String<br>Add Domain. Add domain attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-expiry"></a>&#x2022; [`add_expiry`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-expiry) - Optional String<br>Add expiry. Add expiry attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-httponly"></a>&#x2022; [`add_httponly`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-httponly) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-partitioned"></a>&#x2022; [`add_partitioned`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-partitioned) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-path"></a>&#x2022; [`add_path`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-path) - Optional String<br>Add path. Add path attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-secure"></a>&#x2022; [`add_secure`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-secure) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_domain`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-domain) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-expiry"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_expiry`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-expiry) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-httponly"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_httponly`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-httponly) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-max-age"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_max_age`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-max-age) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-partitioned"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_partitioned`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-partitioned) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-path"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_path`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-path) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-samesite"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_samesite`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-samesite) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-secure"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_secure`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-secure) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-value"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-value) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-max-age-value"></a>&#x2022; [`max_age_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-max-age-value) - Optional Number<br>Add Max Age. Add max age attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the cookie in Cookie header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-overwrite"></a>&#x2022; [`overwrite`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-overwrite) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Overwrite. Should the value be overwritten? If true, the value is overwritten to existing values. not overwrite

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-lax"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_lax`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-lax) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-none"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_none`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-none) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-strict"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_strict`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-strict) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the Cookie header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add

A [`response_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-append"></a>&#x2022; [`append`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-append) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Append. Should the value be appended? If true, the value is appended to existing values. not append

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the HTTP header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the HTTP header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.http_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy

A [`https_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy) block (within [`dynamic_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option"></a>&#x2022; [`more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option) - Optional Block<br>Advanced Options. This defines various options to define a route<br>See [More Option](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_params`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params) - Optional Block<br>Inline TLS Parameters. Inline TLS parameters<br>See [TLS Params](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option

A [`more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy"></a>&#x2022; [`buffer_policy`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) - Optional Block<br>Buffer Configuration. Some upstream applications are not capable of handling streamed data. This config enables buffering the entire request before sending to upstream application. We can specify the maximum buffer size and buffer interval with this config. Buffering can be enabled and disabled at VirtualHost and Route levels Route level buffer configuration takes precedence<br>See [Buffer Policy](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params"></a>&#x2022; [`compression_params`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params) - Optional Block<br>Compression Parameters. Enables loadbalancer to compress dispatched data from an upstream service upon client request. The content is compressed and then sent to the client with the appropriate headers if either response and request allow. Only GZIP compression is supported. By default compression will be skipped when: A request does NOT contain accept-encoding header. A request includes accept-encoding header, but it does not contain “gzip” or “*”. A request includes accept-encoding with “gzip” or “*” with the weight “q=0”. Note that the “gzip” will have a higher weight then “*”. For example, if accept-encoding is “gzip;q=0,*;q=1”, the filter will not compress. But if the header is set to “*;q=0,gzip;q=1”, the filter will compress. A request whose accept-encoding header includes “identity”. A response contains a content-encoding header. A response contains a cache-control header whose value includes “no-transform”. A response contains a transfer-encoding header whose value includes “gzip”. A response does not contain a content-type value that matches one of the selected mime-types, which default to application/javascript, application/JSON, application/xhtml+XML, image/svg+XML, text/CSS, text/HTML, text/plain, text/XML. Neither content-length nor transfer-encoding headers are present in the response. Response size is smaller than 30 bytes (only applicable when transfer-encoding is not chunked). When compression is applied: The content-length is removed from response headers. Response headers contain “transfer-encoding: chunked” and do not contain “content-encoding” header. The “vary: accept-encoding” header is inserted on every response. GZIP Compression Level: A value which is optimal balance between speed of compression and amount of compression is chosen<br>See [Compression Params](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-custom-errors"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_errors`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-custom-errors) - Optional Block<br>Custom Error Responses. Map of integer error codes as keys and string values that can be used to provide custom HTTP pages for each error code. Key of the map can be either response code class or HTTP Error code. Response code classes for key is configured as follows 3 -- for 3xx response code class 4 -- for 4xx response code class 5 -- for 5xx response code class Value of the map is string which represents custom HTTP responses. Specific response code takes preference when both response code and response code class matches for a request

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-disable-default-error-pages"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_default_error_pages`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-disable-default-error-pages) - Optional Bool<br>Disable Default Error Pages. Disable the use of default F5XC error pages

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-disable-path-normalize"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_path_normalize`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-disable-path-normalize) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-enable-path-normalize"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_path_normalize`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-enable-path-normalize) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-idle-timeout"></a>&#x2022; [`idle_timeout`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-idle-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Idle Timeout. The amount of time that a stream can exist without upstream or downstream activity, in milliseconds. The stream is terminated with a HTTP 504 (Gateway Timeout) error code if no upstream response header has been received, otherwise the stream is reset

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-max-request-header-size"></a>&#x2022; [`max_request_header_size`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-max-request-header-size) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Request Header Size. The maximum request header size for downstream connections, in KiB. A HTTP 431 (Request Header Fields Too Large) error code is sent for requests that exceed this size. If multiple load balancers share the same advertise_policy, the highest value configured across all such load balancers is used for all the load balancers in question

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`request_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Cookies in Cookie Header. Cookies are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP request being routed towards upstream. Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied<br>See [Request Cookies To Add](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`request_cookies_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Cookies from Cookie Header. List of keys of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`request_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Request Headers. Headers are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP request being routed towards upstream. Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied<br>See [Request Headers To Add](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`request_headers_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Request Headers. List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`response_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Set-Cookie Headers. Cookies are name-value pairs along with optional attribute parameters to be added to HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied<br>See [Response Cookies To Add](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`response_cookies_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Cookies from Set-Cookie Headers. List of name of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Entire set-cookie header will be removed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`response_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Response Headers. Headers are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied<br>See [Response Headers To Add](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`response_headers_to_remove`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Response Headers. List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Buffer Policy

A [`buffer_policy`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-disabled"></a>&#x2022; [`disabled`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-disabled) - Optional Bool<br>Disable. Disable buffering for a particular route. This is useful when virtual-host has buffering, but we need to disable it on a specific route. The value of this field is ignored for virtual-host

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-max-request-bytes"></a>&#x2022; [`max_request_bytes`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-max-request-bytes) - Optional Number<br>Max Request Bytes. The maximum request size that the filter will buffer before the connection manager will stop buffering and return a RequestEntityTooLarge (413) response

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Compression Params

A [`compression_params`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-length"></a>&#x2022; [`content_length`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-length) - Optional Number  Defaults to `30`<br>Content Length. Minimum response length, in bytes, which will trigger compression. The

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-type"></a>&#x2022; [`content_type`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-type) - Optional List<br>Content Type. Set of strings that allows specifying which mime-types yield compression When this field is not defined, compression will be applied to the following mime-types: 'application/javascript' 'application/JSON', 'application/xhtml+XML' 'image/svg+XML' 'text/CSS' 'text/HTML' 'text/plain' 'text/XML'

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-disable-on-etag-header"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_on_etag_header`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-disable-on-etag-header) - Optional Bool<br>Disable On Etag Header. If true, disables compression when the response contains an etag header. When it is false, weak etags will be preserved and the ones that require strong validation will be removed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-remove-accept-encoding-header"></a>&#x2022; [`remove_accept_encoding_header`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-compression-params-remove-accept-encoding-header) - Optional Bool<br>Remove Accept-Encoding Header. If true, removes accept-encoding from the request headers before dispatching it to the upstream so that responses do not get compressed before reaching the filter

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add

A [`request_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the cookie in Cookie header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-overwrite"></a>&#x2022; [`overwrite`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-overwrite) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Overwrite. Should the value be overwritten? If true, the value is overwritten to existing values. not overwrite

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the Cookie header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add

A [`request_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-append"></a>&#x2022; [`append`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-append) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Append. Should the value be appended? If true, the value is appended to existing values. not append

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the HTTP header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the HTTP header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add

A [`response_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`add_domain`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-domain) - Optional String<br>Add Domain. Add domain attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-expiry"></a>&#x2022; [`add_expiry`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-expiry) - Optional String<br>Add expiry. Add expiry attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-httponly"></a>&#x2022; [`add_httponly`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-httponly) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-partitioned"></a>&#x2022; [`add_partitioned`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-partitioned) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-path"></a>&#x2022; [`add_path`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-path) - Optional String<br>Add path. Add path attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-secure"></a>&#x2022; [`add_secure`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-secure) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_domain`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-domain) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-expiry"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_expiry`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-expiry) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-httponly"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_httponly`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-httponly) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-max-age"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_max_age`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-max-age) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-partitioned"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_partitioned`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-partitioned) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-path"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_path`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-path) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-samesite"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_samesite`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-samesite) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-secure"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_secure`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-secure) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-value"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-value) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-max-age-value"></a>&#x2022; [`max_age_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-max-age-value) - Optional Number<br>Add Max Age. Add max age attribute

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the cookie in Cookie header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-overwrite"></a>&#x2022; [`overwrite`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-overwrite) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Overwrite. Should the value be overwritten? If true, the value is overwritten to existing values. not overwrite

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-lax"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_lax`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-lax) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-none"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_none`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-none) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-strict"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_strict`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-strict) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the Cookie header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add

A [`response_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-append"></a>&#x2022; [`append`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-append) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Append. Should the value be appended? If true, the value is appended to existing values. not append

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the HTTP header

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the HTTP header

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params

A [`tls_params`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-no-mtls"></a>&#x2022; [`no_mtls`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-no-mtls) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_certificates`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates) - Optional Block<br>TLS Certificates. Users can add one or more certificates that share the same set of domains. for example, domain.com and *.domain.com - but use different signature algorithms<br>See [TLS Certificates](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config"></a>&#x2022; [`tls_config`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config) - Optional Block<br>TLS Config. This defines various options to configure TLS configuration parameters<br>See [TLS Config](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls"></a>&#x2022; [`use_mtls`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls) - Optional Block<br>Clients TLS validation context. Validation context for downstream client TLS connections<br>See [Use mTLS](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params TLS Certificates

A [`tls_certificates`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-certificate-url"></a>&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-certificate-url) - Optional String<br>Certificate. TLS certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-custom-hash-algorithms"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-custom-hash-algorithms) - Optional Block<br>Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used<br>See [Custom Hash Algorithms](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-custom-hash-algorithms) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-description-spec"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-description-spec) - Optional String<br>Description. Description for the certificate

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-disable-ocsp-stapling"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_ocsp_stapling`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-disable-ocsp-stapling) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key"></a>&#x2022; [`private_key`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Private Key](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-use-system-defaults"></a>&#x2022; [`use_system_defaults`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-use-system-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params TLS Certificates Custom Hash Algorithms

A [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-custom-hash-algorithms) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.tls_certificates`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-custom-hash-algorithms-hash-algorithms"></a>&#x2022; [`hash_algorithms`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-custom-hash-algorithms-hash-algorithms) - Optional List  Defaults to `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`, `SHA256`, `SHA1`<br>Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params TLS Certificates Private Key

A [`private_key`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.tls_certificates`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params TLS Certificates Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.tls_certificates.private_key`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params TLS Certificates Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.tls_certificates.private_key`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-certificates-private-key-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params TLS Config

A [`tls_config`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_security`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security) - Optional Block<br>Custom Ciphers. This defines TLS protocol config including min/max versions and allowed ciphers<br>See [Custom Security](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-default-security"></a>&#x2022; [`default_security`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-default-security) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-low-security"></a>&#x2022; [`low_security`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-low-security) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-medium-security"></a>&#x2022; [`medium_security`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-medium-security) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params TLS Config Custom Security

A [`custom_security`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.tls_config`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security-cipher-suites"></a>&#x2022; [`cipher_suites`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security-cipher-suites) - Optional List<br>Cipher Suites. The TLS listener will only support the specified cipher list

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security-max-version"></a>&#x2022; [`max_version`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security-max-version) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security-min-version"></a>&#x2022; [`min_version`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-tls-config-custom-security-min-version) - Optional String  Defaults to `TLS_AUTO`<br>Possible values are `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, `TLSv1_3`<br>TLS Protocol. TlsProtocol is enumeration of supported TLS versions F5 Distributed Cloud will choose the optimal TLS version

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params Use mTLS

An [`use_mtls`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-client-certificate-optional"></a>&#x2022; [`client_certificate_optional`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-client-certificate-optional) - Optional Bool<br>Client Certificate Optional. Client certificate is optional. If the client has provided a certificate, the load balancer will verify it. If certification verification fails, the connection will be terminated. If the client does not provide a certificate, the connection will be accepted

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl"></a>&#x2022; [`crl`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [CRL](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-no-crl"></a>&#x2022; [`no_crl`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-no-crl) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Trusted CA](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca) below.

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-url"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_url`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-url) - Optional String<br>Inline Root CA Certificate (legacy). Upload a Root CA Certificate specifically for this Load Balancer

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-disabled"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_disabled`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-options"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_options`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-options) - Optional Block<br>XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests<br>See [Xfcc Options](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-options) below.

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params Use mTLS CRL

A [`crl`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.use_mtls`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-crl-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params Use mTLS Trusted CA

A [`trusted_ca`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.use_mtls`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-trusted-ca-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Dynamic Proxy HTTPS Proxy TLS Params Use mTLS Xfcc Options

A [`xfcc_options`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-options) block (within [`dynamic_proxy.https_proxy.tls_params.use_mtls`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-options-xfcc-header-elements"></a>&#x2022; [`xfcc_header_elements`](#dynamic-proxy-https-proxy-tls-params-use-mtls-xfcc-options-xfcc-header-elements) - Optional List  Defaults to `XFCC_NONE`<br>Possible values are `XFCC_NONE`, `XFCC_CERT`, `XFCC_CHAIN`, `XFCC_SUBJECT`, `XFCC_URI`, `XFCC_DNS`<br>XFCC Header Elements. X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header elements to be added to requests

#### Dynamic Proxy Sni Proxy

A [`sni_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy-sni-proxy) block (within [`dynamic_proxy`](#dynamic-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="dynamic-proxy-sni-proxy-idle-timeout"></a>&#x2022; [`idle_timeout`](#dynamic-proxy-sni-proxy-idle-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Idle Timeout. The amount of time that a stream can exist without upstream or downstream activity, in milliseconds

#### HTTP Proxy

A [`http_proxy`](#http-proxy) block supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-enable-http"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_http`](#http-proxy-enable-http) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option"></a>&#x2022; [`more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option) - Optional Block<br>Advanced Options. This defines various options to define a route<br>See [More Option](#http-proxy-more-option) below.

#### HTTP Proxy More Option

A [`more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option) block (within [`http_proxy`](#http-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy"></a>&#x2022; [`buffer_policy`](#http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) - Optional Block<br>Buffer Configuration. Some upstream applications are not capable of handling streamed data. This config enables buffering the entire request before sending to upstream application. We can specify the maximum buffer size and buffer interval with this config. Buffering can be enabled and disabled at VirtualHost and Route levels Route level buffer configuration takes precedence<br>See [Buffer Policy](#http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-compression-params"></a>&#x2022; [`compression_params`](#http-proxy-more-option-compression-params) - Optional Block<br>Compression Parameters. Enables loadbalancer to compress dispatched data from an upstream service upon client request. The content is compressed and then sent to the client with the appropriate headers if either response and request allow. Only GZIP compression is supported. By default compression will be skipped when: A request does NOT contain accept-encoding header. A request includes accept-encoding header, but it does not contain “gzip” or “*”. A request includes accept-encoding with “gzip” or “*” with the weight “q=0”. Note that the “gzip” will have a higher weight then “*”. For example, if accept-encoding is “gzip;q=0,*;q=1”, the filter will not compress. But if the header is set to “*;q=0,gzip;q=1”, the filter will compress. A request whose accept-encoding header includes “identity”. A response contains a content-encoding header. A response contains a cache-control header whose value includes “no-transform”. A response contains a transfer-encoding header whose value includes “gzip”. A response does not contain a content-type value that matches one of the selected mime-types, which default to application/javascript, application/JSON, application/xhtml+XML, image/svg+XML, text/CSS, text/HTML, text/plain, text/XML. Neither content-length nor transfer-encoding headers are present in the response. Response size is smaller than 30 bytes (only applicable when transfer-encoding is not chunked). When compression is applied: The content-length is removed from response headers. Response headers contain “transfer-encoding: chunked” and do not contain “content-encoding” header. The “vary: accept-encoding” header is inserted on every response. GZIP Compression Level: A value which is optimal balance between speed of compression and amount of compression is chosen<br>See [Compression Params](#http-proxy-more-option-compression-params) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-custom-errors"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_errors`](#http-proxy-more-option-custom-errors) - Optional Block<br>Custom Error Responses. Map of integer error codes as keys and string values that can be used to provide custom HTTP pages for each error code. Key of the map can be either response code class or HTTP Error code. Response code classes for key is configured as follows 3 -- for 3xx response code class 4 -- for 4xx response code class 5 -- for 5xx response code class Value of the map is string which represents custom HTTP responses. Specific response code takes preference when both response code and response code class matches for a request

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-disable-default-error-pages"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_default_error_pages`](#http-proxy-more-option-disable-default-error-pages) - Optional Bool<br>Disable Default Error Pages. Disable the use of default F5XC error pages

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-disable-path-normalize"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_path_normalize`](#http-proxy-more-option-disable-path-normalize) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-enable-path-normalize"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_path_normalize`](#http-proxy-more-option-enable-path-normalize) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-idle-timeout"></a>&#x2022; [`idle_timeout`](#http-proxy-more-option-idle-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Idle Timeout. The amount of time that a stream can exist without upstream or downstream activity, in milliseconds. The stream is terminated with a HTTP 504 (Gateway Timeout) error code if no upstream response header has been received, otherwise the stream is reset

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-max-request-header-size"></a>&#x2022; [`max_request_header_size`](#http-proxy-more-option-max-request-header-size) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Request Header Size. The maximum request header size for downstream connections, in KiB. A HTTP 431 (Request Header Fields Too Large) error code is sent for requests that exceed this size. If multiple load balancers share the same advertise_policy, the highest value configured across all such load balancers is used for all the load balancers in question

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`request_cookies_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Cookies in Cookie Header. Cookies are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP request being routed towards upstream. Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied<br>See [Request Cookies To Add](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`request_cookies_to_remove`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Cookies from Cookie Header. List of keys of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`request_headers_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Request Headers. Headers are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP request being routed towards upstream. Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied<br>See [Request Headers To Add](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`request_headers_to_remove`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Request Headers. List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP request being sent towards upstream

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`response_cookies_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Set-Cookie Headers. Cookies are name-value pairs along with optional attribute parameters to be added to HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Cookies specified at this level are applied after cookies from matched Route are applied<br>See [Response Cookies To Add](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`response_cookies_to_remove`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Cookies from Set-Cookie Headers. List of name of Cookies to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Entire set-cookie header will be removed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add"></a>&#x2022; [`response_headers_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) - Optional Block<br>Add Response Headers. Headers are key-value pairs to be added to HTTP response being sent towards downstream. Headers specified at this level are applied after headers from matched Route are applied<br>See [Response Headers To Add](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-remove"></a>&#x2022; [`response_headers_to_remove`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-remove) - Optional List<br>Remove Response Headers. List of keys of Headers to be removed from the HTTP response being sent towards downstream

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Buffer Policy

A [`buffer_policy`](#http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-disabled"></a>&#x2022; [`disabled`](#http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-disabled) - Optional Bool<br>Disable. Disable buffering for a particular route. This is useful when virtual-host has buffering, but we need to disable it on a specific route. The value of this field is ignored for virtual-host

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-max-request-bytes"></a>&#x2022; [`max_request_bytes`](#http-proxy-more-option-buffer-policy-max-request-bytes) - Optional Number<br>Max Request Bytes. The maximum request size that the filter will buffer before the connection manager will stop buffering and return a RequestEntityTooLarge (413) response

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Compression Params

A [`compression_params`](#http-proxy-more-option-compression-params) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-length"></a>&#x2022; [`content_length`](#http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-length) - Optional Number  Defaults to `30`<br>Content Length. Minimum response length, in bytes, which will trigger compression. The

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-type"></a>&#x2022; [`content_type`](#http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-content-type) - Optional List<br>Content Type. Set of strings that allows specifying which mime-types yield compression When this field is not defined, compression will be applied to the following mime-types: 'application/javascript' 'application/JSON', 'application/xhtml+XML' 'image/svg+XML' 'text/CSS' 'text/HTML' 'text/plain' 'text/XML'

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-disable-on-etag-header"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_on_etag_header`](#http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-disable-on-etag-header) - Optional Bool<br>Disable On Etag Header. If true, disables compression when the response contains an etag header. When it is false, weak etags will be preserved and the ones that require strong validation will be removed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-remove-accept-encoding-header"></a>&#x2022; [`remove_accept_encoding_header`](#http-proxy-more-option-compression-params-remove-accept-encoding-header) - Optional Bool<br>Remove Accept-Encoding Header. If true, removes accept-encoding from the request headers before dispatching it to the upstream so that responses do not get compressed before reaching the filter

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add

A [`request_cookies_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the cookie in Cookie header

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-overwrite"></a>&#x2022; [`overwrite`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-overwrite) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Overwrite. Should the value be overwritten? If true, the value is overwritten to existing values. not overwrite

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the Cookie header

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Cookies To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.request_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add

A [`request_headers_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-append"></a>&#x2022; [`append`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-append) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Append. Should the value be appended? If true, the value is appended to existing values. not append

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the HTTP header

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the HTTP header

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Request Headers To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.request_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#http-proxy-more-option-request-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add

A [`response_cookies_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`add_domain`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-domain) - Optional String<br>Add Domain. Add domain attribute

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-expiry"></a>&#x2022; [`add_expiry`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-expiry) - Optional String<br>Add expiry. Add expiry attribute

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-httponly"></a>&#x2022; [`add_httponly`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-httponly) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-partitioned"></a>&#x2022; [`add_partitioned`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-partitioned) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-path"></a>&#x2022; [`add_path`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-path) - Optional String<br>Add path. Add path attribute

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-secure"></a>&#x2022; [`add_secure`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-add-secure) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_domain`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-domain) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-expiry"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_expiry`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-expiry) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-httponly"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_httponly`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-httponly) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-max-age"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_max_age`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-max-age) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-partitioned"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_partitioned`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-partitioned) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-path"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_path`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-path) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-samesite"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_samesite`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-samesite) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-secure"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_secure`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-secure) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-value"></a>&#x2022; [`ignore_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-ignore-value) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-max-age-value"></a>&#x2022; [`max_age_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-max-age-value) - Optional Number<br>Add Max Age. Add max age attribute

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the cookie in Cookie header

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-overwrite"></a>&#x2022; [`overwrite`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-overwrite) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Overwrite. Should the value be overwritten? If true, the value is overwritten to existing values. not overwrite

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-lax"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_lax`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-lax) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-none"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_none`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-none) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-strict"></a>&#x2022; [`samesite_strict`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-samesite-strict) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the Cookie header

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Cookies To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.response_cookies_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-cookies-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add

A [`response_headers_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option`](#http-proxy-more-option)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-append"></a>&#x2022; [`append`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-append) - Optional Bool  Defaults to `do`<br>Append. Should the value be appended? If true, the value is appended to existing values. not append

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-name) - Optional String<br>Name. Name of the HTTP header

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value"></a>&#x2022; [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Secret Value](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-value"></a>&#x2022; [`value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-value) - Optional String<br>Value. Value of the HTTP header

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value

A [`secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) below.

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### HTTP Proxy More Option Response Headers To Add Secret Value Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info) block (within [`http_proxy.more_option.response_headers_to_add.secret_value`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value)) supports the following:

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#http-proxy-more-option-response-headers-to-add-secret-value-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Site Virtual Sites

A [`site_virtual_sites`](#site-virtual-sites) block supports the following:

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where"></a>&#x2022; [`advertise_where`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where) - Optional Block<br>List of Sites to Advertise. Where should this load balancer be available<br>See [Advertise Where](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where) below.

#### Site Virtual Sites Advertise Where

An [`advertise_where`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where) block (within [`site_virtual_sites`](#site-virtual-sites)) supports the following:

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-port"></a>&#x2022; [`port`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-port) - Optional Number<br>TCP Listen Port. TCP port to Listen

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site"></a>&#x2022; [`site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site) - Optional Block<br>Site. This defines a reference to a CE site along with network type and an optional IP address where a load balancer could be advertised<br>See [Site](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site) below.

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-use-default-port"></a>&#x2022; [`use_default_port`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-use-default-port) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site"></a>&#x2022; [`virtual_site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Site. This defines a reference to a customer site virtual site along with network type where a load balancer could be advertised<br>See [Virtual Site](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site) below.

#### Site Virtual Sites Advertise Where Site

A [`site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site) block (within [`site_virtual_sites.advertise_where`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where)) supports the following:

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`ip`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-ip) - Optional String<br>IP Address. Use given IP address as VIP on the site

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-network"></a>&#x2022; [`network`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-network) - Optional String  Defaults to `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE_AND_OUTSIDE`<br>Possible values are `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE_AND_OUTSIDE`, `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE`, `SITE_NETWORK_OUTSIDE`, `SITE_NETWORK_SERVICE`, `SITE_NETWORK_OUTSIDE_WITH_INTERNET_VIP`, `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE_AND_OUTSIDE_WITH_INTERNET_VIP`, `SITE_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`<br>Site Network. This defines network types to be used on site All inside and outside networks. All inside and outside networks with internet VIP support. All inside networks. All outside networks. All outside networks with internet VIP support. vK8s service network. - SITE_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC: VER IP Fabric network for the site This Virtual network type is used for exposing virtual host on IP Fabric network on the VER site or for endpoint in IP Fabric network

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site"></a>&#x2022; [`site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Site](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site) below.

#### Site Virtual Sites Advertise Where Site Site

A [`site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site) block (within [`site_virtual_sites.advertise_where.site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site)) supports the following:

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-site-site-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Site Virtual Sites Advertise Where Virtual Site

A [`virtual_site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site) block (within [`site_virtual_sites.advertise_where`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where)) supports the following:

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-network"></a>&#x2022; [`network`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-network) - Optional String  Defaults to `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE_AND_OUTSIDE`<br>Possible values are `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE_AND_OUTSIDE`, `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE`, `SITE_NETWORK_OUTSIDE`, `SITE_NETWORK_SERVICE`, `SITE_NETWORK_OUTSIDE_WITH_INTERNET_VIP`, `SITE_NETWORK_INSIDE_AND_OUTSIDE_WITH_INTERNET_VIP`, `SITE_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`<br>Site Network. This defines network types to be used on site All inside and outside networks. All inside and outside networks with internet VIP support. All inside networks. All outside networks. All outside networks with internet VIP support. vK8s service network. - SITE_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC: VER IP Fabric network for the site This Virtual network type is used for exposing virtual host on IP Fabric network on the VER site or for endpoint in IP Fabric network

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site"></a>&#x2022; [`virtual_site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Virtual Site](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site) below.

#### Site Virtual Sites Advertise Where Virtual Site Virtual Site

A [`virtual_site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site) block (within [`site_virtual_sites.advertise_where.virtual_site`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site)) supports the following:

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#site-virtual-sites-advertise-where-virtual-site-virtual-site-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### TLS Intercept

A [`tls_intercept`](#tls-intercept) block supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_certificate`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate) - Optional Block<br>TLS Certificate. Handle to fetch certificate and key<br>See [Custom Certificate](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate) below.

<a id="tls-intercept-enable-for-all-domains"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_for_all_domains`](#tls-intercept-enable-for-all-domains) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="tls-intercept-policy"></a>&#x2022; [`policy`](#tls-intercept-policy) - Optional Block<br>TLS Interception Policy. Policy to enable or disable TLS interception<br>See [Policy](#tls-intercept-policy) below.

<a id="tls-intercept-trusted-ca-url"></a>&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_url`](#tls-intercept-trusted-ca-url) - Optional String<br>Custom Root CA Certificate. Custom Root CA Certificate for validating upstream server certificate

<a id="tls-intercept-volterra-certificate"></a>&#x2022; [`volterra_certificate`](#tls-intercept-volterra-certificate) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="tls-intercept-volterra-trusted-ca"></a>&#x2022; [`volterra_trusted_ca`](#tls-intercept-volterra-trusted-ca) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### TLS Intercept Custom Certificate

A [`custom_certificate`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate) block (within [`tls_intercept`](#tls-intercept)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-certificate-url"></a>&#x2022; [`certificate_url`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-certificate-url) - Optional String<br>Certificate. TLS certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-custom-hash-algorithms"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-custom-hash-algorithms) - Optional Block<br>Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used<br>See [Custom Hash Algorithms](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-custom-hash-algorithms) below.

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-description-spec"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-description-spec) - Optional String<br>Description. Description for the certificate

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-disable-ocsp-stapling"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_ocsp_stapling`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-disable-ocsp-stapling) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key"></a>&#x2022; [`private_key`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Private Key](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key) below.

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-use-system-defaults"></a>&#x2022; [`use_system_defaults`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-use-system-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### TLS Intercept Custom Certificate Custom Hash Algorithms

A [`custom_hash_algorithms`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-custom-hash-algorithms) block (within [`tls_intercept.custom_certificate`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-custom-hash-algorithms-hash-algorithms"></a>&#x2022; [`hash_algorithms`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-custom-hash-algorithms-hash-algorithms) - Optional List  Defaults to `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`<br>Possible values are `INVALID_HASH_ALGORITHM`, `SHA256`, `SHA1`<br>Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used

#### TLS Intercept Custom Certificate Private Key

A [`private_key`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key) block (within [`tls_intercept.custom_certificate`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### TLS Intercept Custom Certificate Private Key Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`tls_intercept.custom_certificate.private_key`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-location"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-blindfold-secret-info-store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### TLS Intercept Custom Certificate Private Key Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`tls_intercept.custom_certificate.private_key`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info-provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info-url"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#tls-intercept-custom-certificate-private-key-clear-secret-info-url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### TLS Intercept Policy

A [`policy`](#tls-intercept-policy) block (within [`tls_intercept`](#tls-intercept)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules"></a>&#x2022; [`interception_rules`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules) - Optional Block<br>TLS Interception Rules. List of ordered rules to enable or disable for TLS interception<br>See [Interception Rules](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules) below.

#### TLS Intercept Policy Interception Rules

An [`interception_rules`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules) block (within [`tls_intercept.policy`](#tls-intercept-policy)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-disable-interception"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_interception`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-disable-interception) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match"></a>&#x2022; [`domain_match`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match) - Optional Block<br>Domains. Domains names<br>See [Domain Match](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match) below.

<a id="tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-enable-interception"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_interception`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-enable-interception) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### TLS Intercept Policy Interception Rules Domain Match

A [`domain_match`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match) block (within [`tls_intercept.policy.interception_rules`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules)) supports the following:

<a id="tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match-exact-value"></a>&#x2022; [`exact_value`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match-exact-value) - Optional String<br>Exact Value. Exact domain name

<a id="tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match-regex-value"></a>&#x2022; [`regex_value`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match-regex-value) - Optional String<br>Regex Values of Domains. Regular Expression value for the domain name

<a id="tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match-suffix-value"></a>&#x2022; [`suffix_value`](#tls-intercept-policy-interception-rules-domain-match-suffix-value) - Optional String<br>Suffix Value. Suffix of domain name e.g 'xyz.com' will match '*.xyz.com' and 'xyz.com'

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_proxy.example system/example
```
