---
page_title: "f5xc_rate_limiter Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages rate_limiter creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_rate_limiter (Resource)

Manages rate_limiter creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Rate Limiter API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/rate-limiter) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Rate Limiter Resource Example
# Manages rate_limiter creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Rate Limiter configuration
resource "f5xc_rate_limiter" "example" {
  name      = "example-rate-limiter"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Rate Limiter configuration
  total_number     = 100
  unit             = "MINUTE"
  burst_multiplier = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Rate Limiter. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Rate Limiter will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="limits"></a>&#x2022; [`limits`](#limits) - Optional Block<br>Rate Limit Values. A list of RateLimitValues that specifies the total number of allowed requests for each specified period<br>See [Limits](#limits) below for details.

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

<a id="user-identification"></a>&#x2022; [`user_identification`](#user-identification) - Optional Block<br>User Identification Policy. A reference to user_identification object. The rules in the user_identification object are evaluated to determine the user identifier to be rate limited<br>See [User Identification](#user-identification) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Limits

A [`limits`](#limits) block supports the following:

<a id="limits-action-block"></a>&#x2022; [`action_block`](#limits-action-block) - Optional Block<br>Rate Limit Block Action. Action where a user is blocked from making further requests after exceeding rate limit threshold<br>See [Action Block](#limits-action-block) below.

<a id="limits-burst-multiplier"></a>&#x2022; [`burst_multiplier`](#limits-burst-multiplier) - Optional Number<br>Burst Multiplier. The maximum burst of requests to accommodate, expressed as a multiple of the rate

<a id="limits-disabled"></a>&#x2022; [`disabled`](#limits-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="limits-leaky-bucket"></a>&#x2022; [`leaky_bucket`](#limits-leaky-bucket) - Optional Block<br>Leaky Bucket Rate Limiter. Leaky-Bucket is the default rate limiter algorithm for F5

<a id="limits-period-multiplier"></a>&#x2022; [`period_multiplier`](#limits-period-multiplier) - Optional Number<br>Periods. This setting, combined with Per Period units, provides a duration

<a id="limits-token-bucket"></a>&#x2022; [`token_bucket`](#limits-token-bucket) - Optional Block<br>Token Bucket Rate Limiter. Token-Bucket is a rate limiter algorithm that is stricter with enforcing limits

<a id="limits-total-number"></a>&#x2022; [`total_number`](#limits-total-number) - Optional Number<br>Number Of Requests. The total number of allowed requests per rate-limiting period

<a id="limits-unit"></a>&#x2022; [`unit`](#limits-unit) - Optional String  Defaults to `SECOND`<br>Possible values are `SECOND`, `MINUTE`, `HOUR`<br>Rate Limit Period Unit. Unit for the period per which the rate limit is applied. - SECOND: Second Rate limit period unit is seconds - MINUTE: Minute Rate limit period unit is minutes - HOUR: Hour Rate limit period unit is hours - DAY: Day Rate limit period unit is days

#### Limits Action Block

An [`action_block`](#limits-action-block) block (within [`limits`](#limits)) supports the following:

<a id="limits-action-block-hours"></a>&#x2022; [`hours`](#limits-action-block-hours) - Optional Block<br>Hours. Input Duration Hours<br>See [Hours](#limits-action-block-hours) below.

<a id="limits-action-block-minutes"></a>&#x2022; [`minutes`](#limits-action-block-minutes) - Optional Block<br>Minutes. Input Duration Minutes<br>See [Minutes](#limits-action-block-minutes) below.

<a id="limits-action-block-seconds"></a>&#x2022; [`seconds`](#limits-action-block-seconds) - Optional Block<br>Seconds. Input Duration Seconds<br>See [Seconds](#limits-action-block-seconds) below.

#### Limits Action Block Hours

A [`hours`](#limits-action-block-hours) block (within [`limits.action_block`](#limits-action-block)) supports the following:

<a id="limits-action-block-hours-duration"></a>&#x2022; [`duration`](#limits-action-block-hours-duration) - Optional Number<br>Duration

#### Limits Action Block Minutes

A [`minutes`](#limits-action-block-minutes) block (within [`limits.action_block`](#limits-action-block)) supports the following:

<a id="limits-action-block-minutes-duration"></a>&#x2022; [`duration`](#limits-action-block-minutes-duration) - Optional Number<br>Duration

#### Limits Action Block Seconds

A [`seconds`](#limits-action-block-seconds) block (within [`limits.action_block`](#limits-action-block)) supports the following:

<a id="limits-action-block-seconds-duration"></a>&#x2022; [`duration`](#limits-action-block-seconds-duration) - Optional Number<br>Duration

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### User Identification

An [`user_identification`](#user-identification) block supports the following:

<a id="user-identification-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#user-identification-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="user-identification-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#user-identification-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="user-identification-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#user-identification-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="user-identification-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#user-identification-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="user-identification-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#user-identification-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_rate_limiter.example system/example
```
