---
page_title: "f5xc_secret_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages secret_policy_rule creates a new object in storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_secret_policy_rule (Resource)

Manages secret_policy_rule creates a new object in storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Secret Policy Rule Resource Example
# Manages secret_policy_rule creates a new object in storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Secret Policy Rule configuration
resource "f5xc_secret_policy_rule" "example" {
  name      = "example-secret-policy-rule"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Matcher. A matcher specifies multiple criteria for matchi...
  client_name_matcher {
    # Configure client_name_matcher settings
  }
  # Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'sel...
  client_selector {
    # Configure client_selector settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the SecretPolicyRule. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the SecretPolicyRule will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`action`](#action) - Optional String  Defaults to `DENY`<br>Possible values are `DENY`, `ALLOW`, `NEXT_POLICY`<br>Rule Action. The rule action determines the disposition of the input request API. If a policy matches a rule with an ALLOW action, the processing of the request proceeds forward. If it matches a rule with a DENY action, the processing of the request is terminated and an appropriate message/code returned to the originator. If it matches a rule with a NEXT_POLICY_SET action, evaluation of the current policy set terminates and evaluation of the next policy set in the chain begins. - DENY: DENY Deny the request. - ALLOW: ALLOW Allow the request to proceed. - NEXT_POLICY_SET: NEXT_POLICY_SET Terminate evaluation of the current policy set and begin evaluating the next policy set in the chain. Note that the evaluation of any remaining policies in the current policy set is skipped. - NEXT_POLICY: NEXT_POLICY Terminate evaluation of the current policy and begin evaluating the next policy in the policy set. Note that the evaluation of any remaining rules in the current policy is skipped. - LAST_POLICY: LAST_POLICY Terminate evaluation of the current policy and begin evaluating the last policy in the policy set. Note that the evaluation of any remaining rules in the current policy is skipped. - GOTO_POLICY: GOTO_POLICY Terminate evaluation of the current policy and begin evaluating a specific policy in the policy set. The policy is specified using the goto_policy field in the rule and must be after the current policy in the policy set

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`client_name`](#client-name) - Optional String<br>Client Name. The name of the client trying to access the secret. Name of the client will be extracted from client TLS certificate. This predicate evaluates to true if client name matches the configured name
<br><br>&#x2022; [`client_name_matcher`](#client-name-matcher) - Optional Block<br>Matcher. A matcher specifies multiple criteria for matching an input string. The match is considered successful if any of the criteria are satisfied. The set of supported match criteria includes a list of exact values and a list of regular expressions<br>See [Client Name Matcher](#client-name-matcher) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`client_selector`](#client-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string <selector-syntax> ::= <requirement> | <requirement> ',' <selector-syntax> <requirement> ::= [!] KEY [ <set-based-restriction> | <exact-match-restriction> ] <set-based-restriction> ::= '' | <inclusion-exclusion> <value-set> <inclusion-exclusion> ::= <inclusion> | <exclusion> <exclusion> ::= 'notin' <inclusion> ::= 'in' <value-set> ::= '(' <values> ')' <values> ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' <values> <exact-match-restriction> ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [Client Selector](#client-selector) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="client-name-matcher"></a>

**Client Name Matcher**

&#x2022; [`exact_values`](#exact-values) - Optional List<br>Exact Values. A list of exact values to match the input against

&#x2022; [`regex_values`](#regex-values) - Optional List<br>Regex Values. A list of regular expressions to match the input against

<a id="client-selector"></a>

**Client Selector**

&#x2022; [`expressions`](#expressions) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_secret_policy_rule.example system/example
```
