---
page_title: "f5xc_securemesh_site_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a SecuremeshSiteV2 resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying secure mesh edge sites with enhanced security and networking features.
---

# f5xc_securemesh_site_v2 (Resource)

Manages a SecuremeshSiteV2 resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying secure mesh edge sites with enhanced security and networking features.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Securemesh Site V2 Resource Example
# Manages a SecuremeshSiteV2 resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying secure mesh edge sites with enhanced security and networking features.

# Basic Securemesh Site V2 configuration
resource "f5xc_securemesh_site_v2" "example" {
  name      = "example-securemesh-site-v2"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: active_enhanced_firewall_policies, no_network_pol...
  active_enhanced_firewall_policies {
    # Configure active_enhanced_firewall_policies settings
  }
  # Enhanced Firewall Policy. Ordered List of Enhanced Firewa...
  enhanced_firewall_policies {
    # Configure enhanced_firewall_policies settings
  }
  # [OneOf: active_forward_proxy_policies, no_forward_proxy] ...
  active_forward_proxy_policies {
    # Configure active_forward_proxy_policies settings
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the SecuremeshSiteV2. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the SecuremeshSiteV2 will be created.

### Optional

- `active_enhanced_firewall_policies` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: active_enhanced_firewall_policies, no_network_policy] Active Enhanced Network Policies Type. List of Enhanced Firewall Policies These policies use session-based rules and provide all options available under firewall policies with an additional option for service insertion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--active_enhanced_firewall_policies))
- `active_forward_proxy_policies` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: active_forward_proxy_policies, no_forward_proxy] Active Forward Proxy Policies Type. Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--active_forward_proxy_policies))
- `admin_user_credentials` (Block, Optional) Admin User Credentials. Setup user credentials to manage access to nodes belonging to the site. When configured, 'admin' user will be setup and customers can access these nodes via either the node local WebUI or via SSH to access shell/CLI Ensure 'Node Local Services' are enabled to allow for required access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--admin_user_credentials))
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `aws` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: aws, azure, baremetal, equinix, gcp, kvm, nutanix, oci, openstack, vmware] AWS Provider Type. AWS Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws))
- `azure` (Block, Optional) Azure Provider Type. Azure Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure))
- `baremetal` (Block, Optional) Baremetal Provider Type. Baremetal Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--baremetal))
- `block_all_services` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: block_all_services, blocked_services] Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--block_all_services))
- `blocked_services` (Block, Optional) Disable Node Local Services. Disable node local services on this site. Note: The chosen services will get disabled on all nodes in the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocked_services))
- `custom_proxy` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: custom_proxy, f5_proxy] Custom Enterprise Proxy. Custom Enterprise Proxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_proxy))
- `custom_proxy_bypass` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: custom_proxy_bypass, no_proxy_bypass] Proxy Bypass. List of domains to bypass the proxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_proxy_bypass))
- `dc_cluster_group_sli` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: dc_cluster_group_sli, no_s2s_connectivity_sli] Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dc_cluster_group_sli))
- `dc_cluster_group_slo` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: dc_cluster_group_slo, no_s2s_connectivity_slo, site_mesh_group_on_slo] Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dc_cluster_group_slo))
- `disable_ha` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: disable_ha, enable_ha] Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disable_ha))
- `disable_url_categorization` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: disable_url_categorization, enable_url_categorization] Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disable_url_categorization))
- `dns_ntp_config` (Block, Optional) DNS & NTP Servers Settings. Specify DNS and NTP servers that will be used by the nodes in this Customer Edge site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_ntp_config))
- `enable_ha` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enable_ha))
- `enable_url_categorization` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enable_url_categorization))
- `equinix` (Block, Optional) Equinix Provider Type. Equinix Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--equinix))
- `f5_proxy` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--f5_proxy))
- `gcp` (Block, Optional) GCP Provider Type. GCP Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gcp))
- `kvm` (Block, Optional) KVM Provider Type. KVM Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kvm))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `load_balancing` (Block, Optional) Load Balancing Settings. This section contains settings on the site that relate to Load Balancing functionality. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load_balancing))
- `local_vrf` (Block, Optional) Local VRF Settings. There can be two local VRFs on each site. The Site Local Outside (SLO) local VRF is used to connect WAN side workloads to this site and to connect the site to F5 Distributed Cloud for management. All sites are required to have an SLO local VRF. The Site Local Inside (SLI) local VRF is used to connect LAN side workloads to this site. SLI local VRF is optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf))
- `log_receiver` (Block, Optional) [OneOf: log_receiver, logs_streaming_disabled] Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_receiver))
- `logs_streaming_disabled` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logs_streaming_disabled))
- `no_forward_proxy` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_forward_proxy))
- `no_network_policy` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_network_policy))
- `no_proxy_bypass` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_proxy_bypass))
- `no_s2s_connectivity_sli` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_s2s_connectivity_sli))
- `no_s2s_connectivity_slo` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_s2s_connectivity_slo))
- `nutanix` (Block, Optional) Nutanix Provider Type. Nutanix Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nutanix))
- `oci` (Block, Optional) OCI Provider Type. OCI Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oci))
- `offline_survivability_mode` (Block, Optional) Offline Survivability Mode. Offline Survivability allows the Site to continue functioning normally without traffic loss during periods of connectivity loss to the Regional Edge (RE) or the Global Controller (GC). When this feature is enabled, a site can continue to function as is with existing configuration for upto 7 days, even when the site is offline. The certificates needed to keep the services running on this site are signed using a local CA. Secrets would also be cached locally to handl... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--offline_survivability_mode))
- `openstack` (Block, Optional) Openstack Provider Type. Openstack Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--openstack))
- `performance_enhancement_mode` (Block, Optional) Performance Enhancement Mode. x-required Optimize the site for L3 or L7 traffic processing. L7 optimized is the default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode))
- `re_select` (Block, Optional) Regional Edge Selection. Selection criteria to connect the site with F5 Distributed Cloud Regional Edge(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--re_select))
- `site_mesh_group_on_slo` (Block, Optional) Site Mesh Group Type. Select how the site mesh group will be connected. By default, public IPs of the control nodes of the site will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo))
- `software_settings` (Block, Optional) F5XC Software Settings. Select OS and Software version for the site. All nodes in the site will run the same OS and Software version. These settings cannot be changed after the site is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--software_settings))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `tunnel_dead_timeout` (Number) Tunnel Dead Timeout (msec). Time interval, in millisec, within which any ipsec / ssl connection from the site going down is detected. When not set (== 0), a default value of 10000 msec will be used.
- `tunnel_type` (String) Tunnel type. Tunnel encapsulation to be used between sites Tunnel can operate in both IPsec and SSL, with IPsec being prefered over SSL. Tunnel is of type IPsec Tunnel is of type SSL. Possible values are `SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_IPSEC_OR_SSL`, `SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_IPSEC`, `SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_SSL`.
- `upgrade_settings` (Block, Optional) Upgrade Settings. Specify how a site will be upgraded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upgrade_settings))
- `vmware` (Block, Optional) VMware Provider Type. VMware Provider Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vmware))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--active_enhanced_firewall_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `active_enhanced_firewall_policies`

Optional:

- `enhanced_firewall_policies` (Block List) Enhanced Firewall Policy. Ordered List of Enhanced Firewall Policies active (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--active_enhanced_firewall_policies--enhanced_firewall_policies))

<a id="nestedblock--active_enhanced_firewall_policies--enhanced_firewall_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `active_enhanced_firewall_policies.enhanced_firewall_policies`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.



<a id="nestedblock--active_forward_proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `active_forward_proxy_policies`

Optional:

- `forward_proxy_policies` (Block List) Forward Proxy Policies. Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--active_forward_proxy_policies--forward_proxy_policies))

<a id="nestedblock--active_forward_proxy_policies--forward_proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `active_forward_proxy_policies.forward_proxy_policies`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.



<a id="nestedblock--admin_user_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_user_credentials`

Optional:

- `admin_password` (Block, Optional) Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--admin_user_credentials--admin_password))
- `ssh_key` (String) Public SSH key. Provided Public SSH key can be used for accessing nodes of the site. When provided, customers can ssh to the nodes of this Customer Edge site using admin as the user.

<a id="nestedblock--admin_user_credentials--admin_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_user_credentials.admin_password`

Optional:

- `blindfold_secret_info` (Block, Optional) Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--admin_user_credentials--admin_password--blindfold_secret_info))
- `clear_secret_info` (Block, Optional) In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--admin_user_credentials--admin_password--clear_secret_info))

<a id="nestedblock--admin_user_credentials--admin_password--blindfold_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_user_credentials.admin_password.blindfold_secret_info`

Optional:

- `decryption_provider` (String) Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service.
- `location` (String) Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in url format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an http/https location
- `store_provider` (String) Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///


<a id="nestedblock--admin_user_credentials--admin_password--clear_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_user_credentials.admin_password.clear_secret_info`

Optional:

- `provider_ref` (String) Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///
- `url` (String) URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding.




<a id="nestedblock--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--aws--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--aws--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--aws--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--azure--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--azure--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--azure--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--baremetal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `baremetal`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--baremetal--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--baremetal--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `baremetal.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--baremetal--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--baremetal--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `baremetal.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--baremetal--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--baremetal--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `baremetal.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--block_all_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_all_services`


<a id="nestedblock--blocked_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocked_services`

Optional:

- `blocked_sevice` (Block List) Disable Node Local Services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice))

<a id="nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocked_services.blocked_sevice`

Optional:

- `dns` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice--dns))
- `network_type` (String) Virtual Network Type. Different types of virtual networks understood by the system Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL provides connectivity to public (outside) network. This is an insecure network and is connected to public internet via NAT Gateways/firwalls Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site... Possible values include `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK`, and others.
- `ssh` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice--ssh))
- `web_user_interface` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice--web_user_interface))

<a id="nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocked_services.blocked_sevice.dns`


<a id="nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocked_services.blocked_sevice.ssh`


<a id="nestedblock--blocked_services--blocked_sevice--web_user_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocked_services.blocked_sevice.web_user_interface`




<a id="nestedblock--custom_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_proxy`

Optional:

- `disable_re_tunnel` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_proxy--disable_re_tunnel))
- `enable_re_tunnel` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_proxy--enable_re_tunnel))
- `password` (Block, Optional) Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_proxy--password))
- `proxy_ip_address` (String) Proxy IPv4 Address. Specify the IPv4 Address of the internal Enterprise Proxy
- `proxy_port` (Number) Proxy Port. Specify the Port of the internal Enterprise Proxy
- `username` (String) Username. If the internal Enterprise Proxy is using basic authentication, specify the username. This is an optional field.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_proxy--disable_re_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_proxy.disable_re_tunnel`


<a id="nestedblock--custom_proxy--enable_re_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_proxy.enable_re_tunnel`


<a id="nestedblock--custom_proxy--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_proxy.password`

Optional:

- `blindfold_secret_info` (Block, Optional) Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_proxy--password--blindfold_secret_info))
- `clear_secret_info` (Block, Optional) In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_proxy--password--clear_secret_info))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_proxy--password--blindfold_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_proxy.password.blindfold_secret_info`

Optional:

- `decryption_provider` (String) Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service.
- `location` (String) Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in url format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an http/https location
- `store_provider` (String) Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///


<a id="nestedblock--custom_proxy--password--clear_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_proxy.password.clear_secret_info`

Optional:

- `provider_ref` (String) Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///
- `url` (String) URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding.




<a id="nestedblock--custom_proxy_bypass"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_proxy_bypass`

Optional:

- `proxy_bypass` (List of String) Proxy Bypass. List of domains to bypass the proxy


<a id="nestedblock--dc_cluster_group_sli"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dc_cluster_group_sli`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.


<a id="nestedblock--dc_cluster_group_slo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dc_cluster_group_slo`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.


<a id="nestedblock--disable_ha"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disable_ha`


<a id="nestedblock--disable_url_categorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disable_url_categorization`


<a id="nestedblock--dns_ntp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_ntp_config`

Optional:

- `custom_dns` (Block, Optional) DNS Servers. DNS Servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--custom_dns))
- `custom_ntp` (Block, Optional) NTP Servers. NTP Servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--custom_ntp))
- `f5_dns_default` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--f5_dns_default))
- `f5_ntp_default` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--f5_ntp_default))

<a id="nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--custom_dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_ntp_config.custom_dns`

Optional:

- `dns_servers` (List of String) DNS Servers. DNS Servers


<a id="nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--custom_ntp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_ntp_config.custom_ntp`

Optional:

- `ntp_servers` (List of String) NTP Servers. NTP Servers


<a id="nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--f5_dns_default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_ntp_config.f5_dns_default`


<a id="nestedblock--dns_ntp_config--f5_ntp_default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_ntp_config.f5_ntp_default`



<a id="nestedblock--enable_ha"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enable_ha`


<a id="nestedblock--enable_url_categorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enable_url_categorization`


<a id="nestedblock--equinix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `equinix`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--equinix--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--equinix--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `equinix.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--equinix--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--equinix--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `equinix.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--equinix--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--equinix--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `equinix.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--f5_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `f5_proxy`


<a id="nestedblock--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcp`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gcp--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--gcp--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcp.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gcp--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--gcp--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcp.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gcp--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--gcp--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcp.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--kvm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kvm`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kvm--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--kvm--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kvm.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kvm--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--kvm--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kvm.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kvm--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--kvm--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kvm.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--load_balancing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancing`

Optional:

- `vip_vrrp_mode` (String) VRRP Virtual-IP. VRRP advertisement mode for VIP Invalid VRRP mode. Possible values are `VIP_VRRP_INVALID`, `VIP_VRRP_ENABLE`, `VIP_VRRP_DISABLE`.


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf`

Optional:

- `default_config` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--default_config))
- `default_sli_config` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--default_sli_config))
- `sli_config` (Block, Optional) Site Local Network Configuration. Site local network configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config))
- `slo_config` (Block, Optional) Site Local Network Configuration. Site local network configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config))

<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--default_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.default_config`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--default_sli_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.default_sli_config`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config`

Optional:

- `labels` (Block, Optional) Network Labels. Add Labels for this network, these labels can be used in firewall policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--labels))
- `nameserver` (String) DNS V4 Server. Optional DNS V4 server IP to be used for name resolution
- `no_static_routes` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--no_static_routes))
- `no_v6_static_routes` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--no_v6_static_routes))
- `static_routes` (Block, Optional) Static Routes List. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_routes))
- `static_v6_routes` (Block, Optional) Static IPv6 Routes List. List of IPv6 static routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_v6_routes))
- `vip` (String) Common V4 VIP. Optional common virtual V4 IP across all nodes to be used as automatic VIP.

<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config.labels`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--no_static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config.no_static_routes`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--no_v6_static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config.no_v6_static_routes`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config.static_routes`

Optional:

- `static_routes` (Block List) Static Routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_routes--static_routes))

<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_routes--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config.static_routes.static_routes`



<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_v6_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config.static_v6_routes`

Optional:

- `static_routes` (Block List) Static IPv6 Routes. List of IPv6 static routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_v6_routes--static_routes))

<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--sli_config--static_v6_routes--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.sli_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes`




<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config`

Optional:

- `labels` (Block, Optional) Network Labels. Add Labels for this network, these labels can be used in firewall policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--labels))
- `nameserver` (String) DNS V4 Server. Optional DNS V4 server IP to be used for name resolution
- `no_static_routes` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--no_static_routes))
- `no_v6_static_routes` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--no_v6_static_routes))
- `static_routes` (Block, Optional) Static Routes List. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_routes))
- `static_v6_routes` (Block, Optional) Static IPv6 Routes List. List of IPv6 static routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_v6_routes))
- `vip` (String) Common V4 VIP. Optional common virtual V4 IP across all nodes to be used as automatic VIP.

<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config.labels`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--no_static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config.no_static_routes`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--no_v6_static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config.no_v6_static_routes`


<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config.static_routes`

Optional:

- `static_routes` (Block List) Static Routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_routes--static_routes))

<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_routes--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config.static_routes.static_routes`



<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_v6_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config.static_v6_routes`

Optional:

- `static_routes` (Block List) Static IPv6 Routes. List of IPv6 static routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_v6_routes--static_routes))

<a id="nestedblock--local_vrf--slo_config--static_v6_routes--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_vrf.slo_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes`





<a id="nestedblock--log_receiver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_receiver`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.


<a id="nestedblock--logs_streaming_disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logs_streaming_disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--no_forward_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_forward_proxy`


<a id="nestedblock--no_network_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_network_policy`


<a id="nestedblock--no_proxy_bypass"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_proxy_bypass`


<a id="nestedblock--no_s2s_connectivity_sli"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_s2s_connectivity_sli`


<a id="nestedblock--no_s2s_connectivity_slo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_s2s_connectivity_slo`


<a id="nestedblock--nutanix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nutanix`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nutanix--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--nutanix--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nutanix.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nutanix--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--nutanix--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nutanix.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nutanix--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--nutanix--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nutanix.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--oci"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oci`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oci--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--oci--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oci.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oci--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--oci--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oci.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oci--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--oci--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oci.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--offline_survivability_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `offline_survivability_mode`

Optional:

- `enable_offline_survivability_mode` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--offline_survivability_mode--enable_offline_survivability_mode))
- `no_offline_survivability_mode` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--offline_survivability_mode--no_offline_survivability_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--offline_survivability_mode--enable_offline_survivability_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `offline_survivability_mode.enable_offline_survivability_mode`


<a id="nestedblock--offline_survivability_mode--no_offline_survivability_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `offline_survivability_mode.no_offline_survivability_mode`



<a id="nestedblock--openstack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openstack`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--openstack--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--openstack--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openstack.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--openstack--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--openstack--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openstack.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--openstack--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--openstack--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openstack.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`





<a id="nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `performance_enhancement_mode`

Optional:

- `perf_mode_l3_enhanced` (Block, Optional) L3 Mode Enhanced Performance. x-required L3 enhanced performance mode options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l3_enhanced))
- `perf_mode_l7_enhanced` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l7_enhanced))

<a id="nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l3_enhanced"></a>
### Nested Schema for `performance_enhancement_mode.perf_mode_l3_enhanced`

Optional:

- `jumbo` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l3_enhanced--jumbo))
- `no_jumbo` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l3_enhanced--no_jumbo))

<a id="nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l3_enhanced--jumbo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `performance_enhancement_mode.perf_mode_l3_enhanced.jumbo`


<a id="nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l3_enhanced--no_jumbo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `performance_enhancement_mode.perf_mode_l3_enhanced.no_jumbo`



<a id="nestedblock--performance_enhancement_mode--perf_mode_l7_enhanced"></a>
### Nested Schema for `performance_enhancement_mode.perf_mode_l7_enhanced`



<a id="nestedblock--re_select"></a>
### Nested Schema for `re_select`

Optional:

- `geo_proximity` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--re_select--geo_proximity))
- `specific_re` (Block, Optional) Specific RE. Select specific REs. This is useful when a site needs to deterministically connect to a set of REs. A site will always be connected to 2 REs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--re_select--specific_re))

<a id="nestedblock--re_select--geo_proximity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `re_select.geo_proximity`


<a id="nestedblock--re_select--specific_re"></a>
### Nested Schema for `re_select.specific_re`

Optional:

- `primary_re` (String) Primary RE Geography. Select primary RE for this site.



<a id="nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_mesh_group_on_slo`

Optional:

- `no_site_mesh_group` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--no_site_mesh_group))
- `site_mesh_group` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--site_mesh_group))
- `sm_connection_public_ip` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--sm_connection_public_ip))
- `sm_connection_pvt_ip` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--sm_connection_pvt_ip))

<a id="nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--no_site_mesh_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_mesh_group_on_slo.no_site_mesh_group`


<a id="nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--site_mesh_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_mesh_group_on_slo.site_mesh_group`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.


<a id="nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--sm_connection_public_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_mesh_group_on_slo.sm_connection_public_ip`


<a id="nestedblock--site_mesh_group_on_slo--sm_connection_pvt_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_mesh_group_on_slo.sm_connection_pvt_ip`



<a id="nestedblock--software_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `software_settings`

Optional:

- `os` (Block, Optional) Operating System Version. Select the F5XC Operating System Version for the site. By default, latest available OS Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released OS versions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--software_settings--os))
- `sw` (Block, Optional) F5XC Software Version. Select the F5XC Software Version for the site. By default, latest available F5XC Software Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released SW versions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--software_settings--sw))

<a id="nestedblock--software_settings--os"></a>
### Nested Schema for `software_settings.os`

Optional:

- `default_os_version` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--software_settings--os--default_os_version))
- `operating_system_version` (String) Operating System Version. Specify a OS version to be used e.g. 9.2024.6.

<a id="nestedblock--software_settings--os--default_os_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `software_settings.os.default_os_version`



<a id="nestedblock--software_settings--sw"></a>
### Nested Schema for `software_settings.sw`

Optional:

- `default_sw_version` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--software_settings--sw--default_sw_version))
- `volterra_software_version` (String) F5XC Software Version. Specify a F5XC Software Version to be used e.g. crt-20210329-1002.

<a id="nestedblock--software_settings--sw--default_sw_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `software_settings.sw.default_sw_version`




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--upgrade_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `kubernetes_upgrade_drain` (Block, Optional) Node by Node Upgrade. Specify how worker nodes within a site will be upgraded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain))

<a id="nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade_settings.kubernetes_upgrade_drain`

Optional:

- `disable_upgrade_drain` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--disable_upgrade_drain))
- `enable_upgrade_drain` (Block, Optional) Enable Node by Node Upgrade. Specify batch upgrade settings for worker nodes within a site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--enable_upgrade_drain))

<a id="nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--disable_upgrade_drain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade_settings.kubernetes_upgrade_drain.disable_upgrade_drain`


<a id="nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--enable_upgrade_drain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade_settings.kubernetes_upgrade_drain.enable_upgrade_drain`

Optional:

- `disable_vega_upgrade_mode` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--enable_upgrade_drain--disable_vega_upgrade_mode))
- `drain_max_unavailable_node_count` (Number) Node Batch Size Count.
- `drain_node_timeout` (Number) Upgrade Wait Time. Seconds to wait before initiating upgrade on the next set of nodes. Setting it to 0 will wait indefinitely for all services on nodes to be upgraded gracefully before proceeding to the next set of nodes. (Warning: It may block upgrade if services on a node cannot be gracefully upgraded. It is recommended to use the default value).
- `enable_vega_upgrade_mode` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--enable_upgrade_drain--enable_vega_upgrade_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--enable_upgrade_drain--disable_vega_upgrade_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade_settings.kubernetes_upgrade_drain.enable_upgrade_drain.disable_vega_upgrade_mode`


<a id="nestedblock--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_upgrade_drain--enable_upgrade_drain--enable_vega_upgrade_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upgrade_settings.kubernetes_upgrade_drain.enable_upgrade_drain.enable_vega_upgrade_mode`





<a id="nestedblock--vmware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vmware`

Optional:

- `not_managed` (Block, Optional) List of Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vmware--not_managed))

<a id="nestedblock--vmware--not_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vmware.not_managed`

Optional:

- `node_list` (Block List) Nodes. This section will show nodes associated with this site. Note: For sites that are not orchestrated by F5XC, create nodes in the chosen provider. Once a node is created and registers with the site, it will be shown in this section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vmware--not_managed--node_list))

<a id="nestedblock--vmware--not_managed--node_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vmware.not_managed.node_list`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname. Hostname for this Node
- `interface_list` (Block List) Interfaces. Manage interfaces belonging to this node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vmware--not_managed--node_list--interface_list))
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP. Public IP for this Node
- `type` (String) Type. Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

<a id="nestedblock--vmware--not_managed--node_list--interface_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vmware.not_managed.node_list.interface_list`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_securemesh_site_v2.example system/example
```
