---
page_title: "f5xc_securemesh_site Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Sites"
description: |-
  Manages a Securemesh Site resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying secure mesh edge sites with distributed security capabilities.
---

# f5xc_securemesh_site (Resource)

Manages a Securemesh Site resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying secure mesh edge sites with distributed security capabilities.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Securemesh Site Resource Example
# Manages a Securemesh Site resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying secure mesh edge sites with distributed security capabilities.

# Basic Securemesh Site configuration
resource "f5xc_securemesh_site" "example" {
  name      = "example-securemesh-site"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Secure Mesh Site configuration
  # Generic provider
  generic {
    not_managed {
      node_list {
        hostname  = "node1.example.com"
        public_ip = "203.0.113.10"
        type      = "Control"
      }
    }
  }

  # Master nodes
  master_nodes_count = 1

  # Default fleet config
  default_fleet_config {}

  # Disable HA
  disable_ha {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Securemesh Site. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Securemesh Site will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="active-enhanced-firewall-policies"></a>[`active_enhanced_firewall_policies`](#active-enhanced-firewall-policies) - Optional Block<br>List of Enhanced Firewall Policies These policies use session-based rules and provide all OPTIONS available under firewall policies with an additional option for service insertion<br>See [Active Enhanced Firewall Policies](#active-enhanced-firewall-policies) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="active-forward-proxy-policies"></a>[`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies) - Optional Block<br>Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active<br>See [Active Forward Proxy Policies](#active-forward-proxy-policies) below for details.

<a id="admin-user-credentials"></a>&#x2022; [`admin_user_credentials`](#admin-user-credentials) - Optional Block<br>Setup user credentials to manage access to nodes belonging to the site. When configured, 'admin' user will be setup and customers can access these nodes via either the node local WebUI or via SSH to access shell/CLI Ensure 'Node Local Services' are enabled to allow for required access<br>See [Admin User Credentials](#admin-user-credentials) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="aws"></a>[`aws`](#aws) - Optional Block<br>AWS Provider Type. AWS Provider Type<br>See [AWS](#aws) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="azure"></a>[`azure`](#azure) - Optional Block<br>Azure Provider Type. Azure Provider Type<br>See [Azure](#azure) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="baremetal"></a>[`baremetal`](#baremetal) - Optional Block<br>Baremetal Provider Type. Baremetal Provider Type
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="equinix"></a>[`equinix`](#equinix) - Optional Block<br>Equinix Provider Type. Equinix Provider Type
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="gcp"></a>[`gcp`](#gcp) - Optional Block<br>GCP Provider Type. GCP Provider Type
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="kvm"></a>[`kvm`](#kvm) - Optional Block<br>KVM Provider Type. KVM Provider Type
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="nutanix"></a>[`nutanix`](#nutanix) - Optional Block<br>Nutanix Provider Type. Nutanix Provider Type
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="oci"></a>[`oci`](#oci) - Optional Block<br>OCI Provider Type. OCI Provider Type
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="openstack"></a>[`openstack`](#openstack) - Optional Block<br>Openstack Provider Type. Openstack Provider Type
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="vmware"></a>[`vmware`](#vmware) - Optional Block<br>VMware Provider Type. VMware Provider Type

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="block-all-services"></a>[`block_all_services`](#block-all-services) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="blocked-services"></a>[`blocked_services`](#blocked-services) - Optional Block<br>Disable node local services on this site

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="custom-proxy"></a>[`custom_proxy`](#custom-proxy) - Optional Block<br>Custom Enterprise Proxy. Custom Enterprise Proxy
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="f5-proxy"></a>[`f5_proxy`](#f5-proxy) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="custom-proxy-bypass"></a>[`custom_proxy_bypass`](#custom-proxy-bypass) - Optional Block<br>Proxy Bypass. List of domains to bypass the proxy

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="dc-cluster-group-sli"></a>[`dc_cluster_group_sli`](#dc-cluster-group-sli) - Optional Block<br>Type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="dc-cluster-group-slo"></a>[`dc_cluster_group_slo`](#dc-cluster-group-slo) - Optional Block<br>Type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="no-s2s-connectivity-slo"></a>[`no_s2s_connectivity_slo`](#no-s2s-connectivity-slo) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="disable-ha"></a>[`disable_ha`](#disable-ha) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="disable-url-categorization"></a>[`disable_url_categorization`](#disable-url-categorization) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dns-ntp-config"></a>&#x2022; [`dns_ntp_config`](#dns-ntp-config) - Optional Block<br>Specify DNS and NTP servers that will be used by the nodes in this Customer Edge site

<a id="enable-ha"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_ha`](#enable-ha) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enable-url-categorization"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_url_categorization`](#enable-url-categorization) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="load-balancing"></a>&#x2022; [`load_balancing`](#load-balancing) - Optional Block<br>Section contains settings on the site that relate to Load Balancing functionality

<a id="local-vrf"></a>&#x2022; [`local_vrf`](#local-vrf) - Optional Block<br>There can be two local VRFs on each site. The Site Local Outside (SLO) local VRF is used to connect WAN side workloads to this site and to connect the site to F5 Distributed Cloud for management. All sites are required to have an SLO local VRF

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="log-receiver"></a>[`log_receiver`](#log-receiver) - Optional Block<br>Type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="logs-streaming-disabled"></a>[`logs_streaming_disabled`](#logs-streaming-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="no-forward-proxy"></a>&#x2022; [`no_forward_proxy`](#no-forward-proxy) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="no-network-policy"></a>&#x2022; [`no_network_policy`](#no-network-policy) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="no-proxy-bypass"></a>&#x2022; [`no_proxy_bypass`](#no-proxy-bypass) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="no-s2s-connectivity-sli"></a>&#x2022; [`no_s2s_connectivity_sli`](#no-s2s-connectivity-sli) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="offline-survivability-mode"></a>&#x2022; [`offline_survivability_mode`](#offline-survivability-mode) - Optional Block<br>Offline Survivability allows the Site to continue functioning normally without traffic loss during periods of connectivity loss to the Regional Edge (RE) or the Global Controller (GC). When this feature is enabled, a site can continue to function as is with existing configuration for upto 7

<a id="performance-enhancement-mode"></a>&#x2022; [`performance_enhancement_mode`](#performance-enhancement-mode) - Optional Block<br>Optimize the site for L3 or L7 traffic processing. L7 optimized is the default

<a id="re-select"></a>&#x2022; [`re_select`](#re-select) - Optional Block<br>Selection criteria to connect the site with F5 Distributed Cloud Regional Edge(s)

<a id="site-mesh-group-on-slo"></a>&#x2022; [`site_mesh_group_on_slo`](#site-mesh-group-on-slo) - Optional Block<br>Select how the site mesh group will be connected. By default, public IPs of the control nodes of the site will be used

<a id="software-settings"></a>&#x2022; [`software_settings`](#software-settings) - Optional Block<br>Select OS and Software version for the site. All nodes in the site will run the same OS and Software version. These settings cannot be changed after the site is created

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block

<a id="tunnel-dead-timeout"></a>&#x2022; [`tunnel_dead_timeout`](#tunnel-dead-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Time interval, in millisec, within which any IPsec / SSL connection from the site going down is detected. When not set (== 0), a default value of 10000 msec will be used

<a id="tunnel-type"></a>&#x2022; [`tunnel_type`](#tunnel-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_IPSEC_OR_SSL`<br>Possible values are `SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_IPSEC_OR_SSL`, `SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_IPSEC`, `SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_SSL`<br>[Enum: SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_IPSEC_OR_SSL|SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_IPSEC|SITE_TO_SITE_TUNNEL_SSL] Tunnel encapsulation to be used between sites Tunnel can operate in both IPsec and SSL, with IPsec being prefered over SSL. Tunnel is of type IPsec Tunnel is of type SSL

<a id="upgrade-settings"></a>&#x2022; [`upgrade_settings`](#upgrade-settings) - Optional Block<br>Upgrade Settings. Specify how a site will be upgraded

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Active Enhanced Firewall Policies

An [`active_enhanced_firewall_policies`](#active-enhanced-firewall-policies) block supports the following:

<a id="policies-0d92c3"></a>&#x2022; [`enhanced_firewall_policies`](#policies-0d92c3) - Optional Block<br>Ordered List of Enhanced Firewall Policies active<br>See [Enhanced Firewall Policies](#policies-0d92c3) below.

#### Active Enhanced Firewall Policies Enhanced Firewall Policies

An [`enhanced_firewall_policies`](#policies-0d92c3) block (within [`active_enhanced_firewall_policies`](#active-enhanced-firewall-policies)) supports the following:

<a id="name-09fc53"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-09fc53) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-102d99"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-102d99) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-0eef96"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-0eef96) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

#### Active Forward Proxy Policies

An [`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies) block supports the following:

<a id="policies-42e2f7"></a>&#x2022; [`forward_proxy_policies`](#policies-42e2f7) - Optional Block<br>Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active<br>See [Forward Proxy Policies](#policies-42e2f7) below.

#### Active Forward Proxy Policies Forward Proxy Policies

A [`forward_proxy_policies`](#policies-42e2f7) block (within [`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies)) supports the following:

<a id="name-c2d06e"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-c2d06e) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-63e125"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-63e125) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-e68ab4"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-e68ab4) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

#### Admin User Credentials

An [`admin_user_credentials`](#admin-user-credentials) block supports the following:

<a id="admin-user-credentials-admin-password"></a>&#x2022; [`admin_password`](#admin-user-credentials-admin-password) - Optional Block<br>SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Admin Password](#admin-user-credentials-admin-password) below.

<a id="admin-user-credentials-ssh-key"></a>&#x2022; [`ssh_key`](#admin-user-credentials-ssh-key) - Optional String<br>Provided Public SSH key can be used for accessing nodes of the site. When provided, customers can SSH to the nodes of this Customer Edge site using admin as the user

#### Admin User Credentials Admin Password

An [`admin_password`](#admin-user-credentials-admin-password) block (within [`admin_user_credentials`](#admin-user-credentials)) supports the following:

<a id="info-710bcb"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-710bcb) - Optional Block<br>BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-710bcb) below.

<a id="info-32b90f"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#info-32b90f) - Optional Block<br>ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#info-32b90f) below.

#### Admin User Credentials Admin Password Blindfold Secret Info

<a id="deep-6962e1"></a>Deeply nested **Info** block collapsed for readability.

#### Admin User Credentials Admin Password Clear Secret Info

<a id="deep-463d43"></a>Deeply nested **Info** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS

An [`aws`](#aws) block supports the following:

<a id="aws-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#aws-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#aws-not-managed) below.

#### AWS Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#aws-not-managed) block (within [`aws`](#aws)) supports the following:

<a id="aws-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#aws-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#aws-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#aws-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`aws.not_managed`](#aws-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="aws-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#aws-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-6c6298"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-6c6298) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-6c6298) below.

<a id="aws-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#aws-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="aws-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#aws-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-6c6298) block (within [`aws.not_managed.node_list`](#aws-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-f1858f"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-f1858f) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-f1858f) below.

<a id="spec-f3edfe"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-f3edfe) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-35134d"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-35134d) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-f28fa7"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-f28fa7) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-f28fa7) below.

<a id="config-cd50c5"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-cd50c5) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-cd50c5) below.

<a id="labels-188d84"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-188d84) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-169def"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-169def) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-428eab"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-428eab) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-9ea6fa"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-9ea6fa) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-7539f0"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-7539f0) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-4d9fd7"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-4d9fd7) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-4d9fd7) below.

<a id="address-95964e"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-95964e) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-b6fb0a"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-b6fb0a) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-a786bf"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-a786bf) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-1942d4"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-1942d4) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-850dad"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-850dad) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-f224ff"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-f224ff) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-f224ff) below.

<a id="address-fddb84"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-fddb84) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-fddb84) below.

<a id="interface-70af4e"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-70af4e) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-70af4e) below.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-4224d9"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-5560e6"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-fc0694"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-72b9a7"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-2b8f0a"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-ef4d0c"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-3084ba"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-92f368"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-1075b3"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-19736c"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-3590d4"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-b470b4"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-ccc2da"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-28441a"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-8f821d"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-2e1682"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-bbb483"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### AWS Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-3f2db4"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure

An [`azure`](#azure) block supports the following:

<a id="azure-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#azure-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#azure-not-managed) below.

#### Azure Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#azure-not-managed) block (within [`azure`](#azure)) supports the following:

<a id="azure-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#azure-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#azure-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#azure-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`azure.not_managed`](#azure-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="azure-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#azure-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-f42e50"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-f42e50) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-f42e50) below.

<a id="azure-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#azure-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="azure-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#azure-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-f42e50) block (within [`azure.not_managed.node_list`](#azure-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-dd8ceb"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-dd8ceb) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-dd8ceb) below.

<a id="spec-4b4de9"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-4b4de9) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-b5ac25"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-b5ac25) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-20c4ad"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-20c4ad) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-20c4ad) below.

<a id="config-cc5378"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-cc5378) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-cc5378) below.

<a id="labels-e2a4c4"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-e2a4c4) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-a565a2"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-a565a2) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-7aa1a9"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-7aa1a9) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-bfeae5"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-bfeae5) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-34ce39"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-34ce39) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-e15a34"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-e15a34) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-e15a34) below.

<a id="address-087ea1"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-087ea1) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-c7425d"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-c7425d) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-0e03ad"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-0e03ad) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-34b2d0"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-34b2d0) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-453c17"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-453c17) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-4b0611"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-4b0611) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-4b0611) below.

<a id="address-e1203e"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-e1203e) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-e1203e) below.

<a id="interface-aa2f00"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-aa2f00) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-aa2f00) below.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-4cb273"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-5db881"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-293b55"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-435f70"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-04f29f"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-5dc847"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-8352e0"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-453621"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-cd224b"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-31b166"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-91a116"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-6e23fb"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-2a92f3"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-9df1d2"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-7bc38a"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-32a2f7"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-a3e092"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Azure Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-63221f"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal

A [`baremetal`](#baremetal) block supports the following:

<a id="baremetal-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#baremetal-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#baremetal-not-managed) below.

#### Baremetal Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#baremetal-not-managed) block (within [`baremetal`](#baremetal)) supports the following:

<a id="baremetal-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#baremetal-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#baremetal-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#baremetal-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`baremetal.not_managed`](#baremetal-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="hostname-ff20c8"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#hostname-ff20c8) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-30e058"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-30e058) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-30e058) below.

<a id="public-ip-acb6d6"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#public-ip-acb6d6) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="baremetal-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#baremetal-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-30e058) block (within [`baremetal.not_managed.node_list`](#baremetal-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-b7e132"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-b7e132) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-b7e132) below.

<a id="spec-b7ed1b"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-b7ed1b) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-829bf8"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-829bf8) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-3933d2"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-3933d2) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-3933d2) below.

<a id="config-88a239"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-88a239) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-88a239) below.

<a id="labels-816fbc"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-816fbc) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-1cb67f"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-1cb67f) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-1756b3"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-1756b3) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-2d7f6c"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-2d7f6c) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-8c8a3d"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-8c8a3d) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-ad2bbb"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-ad2bbb) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-ad2bbb) below.

<a id="address-ac89d0"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-ac89d0) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-b8923c"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-b8923c) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-d77987"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-d77987) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-309cd0"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-309cd0) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-832872"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-832872) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-9bad70"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-9bad70) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-9bad70) below.

<a id="address-411954"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-411954) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-411954) below.

<a id="interface-da3951"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-da3951) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-da3951) below.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-5827e6"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-a0f77e"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-8e9a1f"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-0dfce3"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-781eec"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-0df42e"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-0dc91f"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-88b0ae"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-93e220"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-fee53d"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-8b3c2b"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-7e8e06"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-485083"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-51a8ed"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-4c97e1"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-aca84b"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-a0f5cd"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Baremetal Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-910d0a"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Blocked Services

A [`blocked_services`](#blocked-services) block supports the following:

<a id="blocked-services-blocked-sevice"></a>&#x2022; [`blocked_sevice`](#blocked-services-blocked-sevice) - Optional Block<br>Disable Node Local Services. Blocking or denial configuration<br>See [Blocked Sevice](#blocked-services-blocked-sevice) below.

#### Blocked Services Blocked Sevice

A [`blocked_sevice`](#blocked-services-blocked-sevice) block (within [`blocked_services`](#blocked-services)) supports the following:

<a id="blocked-services-blocked-sevice-dns"></a>&#x2022; [`dns`](#blocked-services-blocked-sevice-dns) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="type-808ec9"></a>&#x2022; [`network_type`](#type-808ec9) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`<br>Possible values are `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT`<br>[Enum: VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT] Different types of virtual networks understood by the system Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL provides connectivity to public (outside) network. This is an insecure network and is connected to public internet via NAT Gateways/firwalls Virtual-network of this type is local to

<a id="blocked-services-blocked-sevice-ssh"></a>&#x2022; [`ssh`](#blocked-services-blocked-sevice-ssh) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-e57e21"></a>&#x2022; [`web_user_interface`](#interface-e57e21) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Custom Proxy

A [`custom_proxy`](#custom-proxy) block supports the following:

<a id="custom-proxy-disable-re-tunnel"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_re_tunnel`](#custom-proxy-disable-re-tunnel) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="custom-proxy-enable-re-tunnel"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_re_tunnel`](#custom-proxy-enable-re-tunnel) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="custom-proxy-password"></a>&#x2022; [`password`](#custom-proxy-password) - Optional Block<br>SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#custom-proxy-password) below.

<a id="custom-proxy-proxy-ip-address"></a>&#x2022; [`proxy_ip_address`](#custom-proxy-proxy-ip-address) - Optional String<br>Specify the IPv4 Address of the internal Enterprise Proxy

<a id="custom-proxy-proxy-port"></a>&#x2022; [`proxy_port`](#custom-proxy-proxy-port) - Optional Number<br>Specify the Port of the internal Enterprise Proxy

<a id="custom-proxy-username"></a>&#x2022; [`username`](#custom-proxy-username) - Optional String<br>If the internal Enterprise Proxy is using basic authentication, specify the username. This is an optional field

#### Custom Proxy Password

A [`password`](#custom-proxy-password) block (within [`custom_proxy`](#custom-proxy)) supports the following:

<a id="info-a3e566"></a>&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-a3e566) - Optional Block<br>BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#info-a3e566) below.

<a id="custom-proxy-password-clear-secret-info"></a>&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-proxy-password-clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-proxy-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Custom Proxy Password Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#info-a3e566) block (within [`custom_proxy.password`](#custom-proxy-password)) supports the following:

<a id="provider-4c379d"></a>&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#provider-4c379d) - Optional String<br>Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

<a id="location-04599e"></a>&#x2022; [`location`](#location-04599e) - Optional String<br>Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

<a id="provider-d70f6e"></a>&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#provider-d70f6e) - Optional String<br>Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to GET encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Custom Proxy Password Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-proxy-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_proxy.password`](#custom-proxy-password)) supports the following:

<a id="ref-35707d"></a>&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#ref-35707d) - Optional String<br>Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to GET encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

<a id="url-0071f9"></a>&#x2022; [`url`](#url-0071f9) - Optional String<br>URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will GET Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Custom Proxy Bypass

A [`custom_proxy_bypass`](#custom-proxy-bypass) block supports the following:

<a id="custom-proxy-bypass-proxy-bypass"></a>&#x2022; [`proxy_bypass`](#custom-proxy-bypass-proxy-bypass) - Optional List<br>Proxy Bypass. List of domains to bypass the proxy

#### Dc Cluster Group SLI

A [`dc_cluster_group_sli`](#dc-cluster-group-sli) block supports the following:

<a id="dc-cluster-group-sli-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dc-cluster-group-sli-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="dc-cluster-group-sli-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#dc-cluster-group-sli-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="dc-cluster-group-sli-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#dc-cluster-group-sli-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

#### Dc Cluster Group Slo

A [`dc_cluster_group_slo`](#dc-cluster-group-slo) block supports the following:

<a id="dc-cluster-group-slo-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#dc-cluster-group-slo-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="dc-cluster-group-slo-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#dc-cluster-group-slo-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="dc-cluster-group-slo-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#dc-cluster-group-slo-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

#### DNS NTP Config

A [`dns_ntp_config`](#dns-ntp-config) block supports the following:

<a id="dns-ntp-config-custom-dns"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_dns`](#dns-ntp-config-custom-dns) - Optional Block<br>DNS Servers. DNS Servers<br>See [Custom DNS](#dns-ntp-config-custom-dns) below.

<a id="dns-ntp-config-custom-ntp"></a>&#x2022; [`custom_ntp`](#dns-ntp-config-custom-ntp) - Optional Block<br>NTP Servers. NTP Servers<br>See [Custom NTP](#dns-ntp-config-custom-ntp) below.

<a id="dns-ntp-config-f5-dns-default"></a>&#x2022; [`f5_dns_default`](#dns-ntp-config-f5-dns-default) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="dns-ntp-config-f5-ntp-default"></a>&#x2022; [`f5_ntp_default`](#dns-ntp-config-f5-ntp-default) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### DNS NTP Config Custom DNS

A [`custom_dns`](#dns-ntp-config-custom-dns) block (within [`dns_ntp_config`](#dns-ntp-config)) supports the following:

<a id="dns-ntp-config-custom-dns-dns-servers"></a>&#x2022; [`dns_servers`](#dns-ntp-config-custom-dns-dns-servers) - Optional List<br>DNS Servers. DNS Servers

#### DNS NTP Config Custom NTP

A [`custom_ntp`](#dns-ntp-config-custom-ntp) block (within [`dns_ntp_config`](#dns-ntp-config)) supports the following:

<a id="dns-ntp-config-custom-ntp-ntp-servers"></a>&#x2022; [`ntp_servers`](#dns-ntp-config-custom-ntp-ntp-servers) - Optional List<br>NTP Servers. NTP Servers

#### Equinix

An [`equinix`](#equinix) block supports the following:

<a id="equinix-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#equinix-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#equinix-not-managed) below.

#### Equinix Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#equinix-not-managed) block (within [`equinix`](#equinix)) supports the following:

<a id="equinix-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#equinix-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#equinix-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#equinix-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`equinix.not_managed`](#equinix-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="equinix-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#equinix-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-3a9b82"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-3a9b82) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-3a9b82) below.

<a id="equinix-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#equinix-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="equinix-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#equinix-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-3a9b82) block (within [`equinix.not_managed.node_list`](#equinix-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-a1aaf8"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-a1aaf8) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-a1aaf8) below.

<a id="spec-d32b48"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-d32b48) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-c83f23"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-c83f23) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-a2d3e0"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-a2d3e0) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-a2d3e0) below.

<a id="config-96da89"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-96da89) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-96da89) below.

<a id="labels-718666"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-718666) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-15c36b"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-15c36b) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-5d3350"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-5d3350) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-80c067"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-80c067) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-5f1c00"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-5f1c00) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-1659e3"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-1659e3) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-1659e3) below.

<a id="address-e9c2b1"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-e9c2b1) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-278ecf"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-278ecf) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-8326e4"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-8326e4) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-381ac6"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-381ac6) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-ea35c6"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-ea35c6) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-bfc08c"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-bfc08c) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-bfc08c) below.

<a id="address-d74f42"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-d74f42) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-d74f42) below.

<a id="interface-66fdd5"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-66fdd5) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-66fdd5) below.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-b565ca"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-08a8f4"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-e260db"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-f79b98"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-7e62f2"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-19d109"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-7c11b9"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-d0977a"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-c5835c"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-de0480"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-955ad2"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-27f6d9"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-da1af1"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-b26b58"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-a07f1e"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-f0d7ec"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-79432c"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Equinix Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-94cba8"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP

A [`gcp`](#gcp) block supports the following:

<a id="gcp-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#gcp-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#gcp-not-managed) below.

#### GCP Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#gcp-not-managed) block (within [`gcp`](#gcp)) supports the following:

<a id="gcp-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#gcp-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#gcp-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#gcp-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`gcp.not_managed`](#gcp-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="gcp-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#gcp-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-2f49ff"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-2f49ff) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-2f49ff) below.

<a id="gcp-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#gcp-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="gcp-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#gcp-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-2f49ff) block (within [`gcp.not_managed.node_list`](#gcp-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-54ab03"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-54ab03) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-54ab03) below.

<a id="spec-801a55"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-801a55) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-649578"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-649578) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-fa1d2a"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-fa1d2a) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-fa1d2a) below.

<a id="config-881893"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-881893) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-881893) below.

<a id="labels-43ee17"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-43ee17) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-986ba9"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-986ba9) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-33388b"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-33388b) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-46e579"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-46e579) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-fc5cd2"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-fc5cd2) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-ca04ce"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-ca04ce) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-ca04ce) below.

<a id="address-c52373"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-c52373) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-40bebe"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-40bebe) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-b17ea9"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-b17ea9) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-45fbad"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-45fbad) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-b641ce"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-b641ce) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-b40b52"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-b40b52) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-b40b52) below.

<a id="address-6a68da"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-6a68da) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-6a68da) below.

<a id="interface-bd3d44"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-bd3d44) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-bd3d44) below.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-afd6e8"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-6c8fc7"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-6a0162"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-f3d749"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-21edde"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-484c91"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-85dbbe"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-7cb154"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-001e66"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-f92dfa"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-5e3307"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-bd61fc"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-8d0ef6"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-3a7f7a"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-b9548b"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-164e2f"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-39ec3e"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### GCP Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-aef10c"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm

A [`kvm`](#kvm) block supports the following:

<a id="kvm-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#kvm-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#kvm-not-managed) below.

#### Kvm Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#kvm-not-managed) block (within [`kvm`](#kvm)) supports the following:

<a id="kvm-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#kvm-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#kvm-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#kvm-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`kvm.not_managed`](#kvm-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="kvm-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#kvm-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-92338f"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-92338f) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-92338f) below.

<a id="kvm-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#kvm-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="kvm-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#kvm-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-92338f) block (within [`kvm.not_managed.node_list`](#kvm-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-e24728"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-e24728) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-e24728) below.

<a id="spec-c3f95c"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-c3f95c) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-59a349"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-59a349) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-0aad1d"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-0aad1d) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-0aad1d) below.

<a id="config-ab0775"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-ab0775) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-ab0775) below.

<a id="labels-36ae51"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-36ae51) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-1bfade"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-1bfade) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-2ad250"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-2ad250) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-d603a1"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-d603a1) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-4d7867"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-4d7867) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-437c33"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-437c33) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-437c33) below.

<a id="address-4c9457"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-4c9457) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-e9ec91"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-e9ec91) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-931ade"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-931ade) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-320aad"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-320aad) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-390b0a"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-390b0a) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-f20c45"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-f20c45) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-f20c45) below.

<a id="address-41524b"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-41524b) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-41524b) below.

<a id="interface-5ffabb"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-5ffabb) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-5ffabb) below.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-fc631b"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-1326df"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-6ad367"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-c39ea2"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-ef2730"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-1c527f"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-83e89b"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-ca2600"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-0e9ec4"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-8029ba"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-faf0d9"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-4a6bec"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-62e6b3"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-a6cf32"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-91a5c5"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-b4aa6e"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-abe515"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Kvm Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-964e06"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Load Balancing

A [`load_balancing`](#load-balancing) block supports the following:

<a id="load-balancing-vip-vrrp-mode"></a>&#x2022; [`vip_vrrp_mode`](#load-balancing-vip-vrrp-mode) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIP_VRRP_INVALID`<br>Possible values are `VIP_VRRP_INVALID`, `VIP_VRRP_ENABLE`, `VIP_VRRP_DISABLE`<br>[Enum: VIP_VRRP_INVALID|VIP_VRRP_ENABLE|VIP_VRRP_DISABLE] VRRP advertisement mode for VIP Invalid VRRP mode

#### Local Vrf

A [`local_vrf`](#local-vrf) block supports the following:

<a id="local-vrf-default-config"></a>&#x2022; [`default_config`](#local-vrf-default-config) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="local-vrf-default-sli-config"></a>&#x2022; [`default_sli_config`](#local-vrf-default-sli-config) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="local-vrf-sli-config"></a>&#x2022; [`sli_config`](#local-vrf-sli-config) - Optional Block<br>Site Local Network Configuration. Site local network configuration<br>See [SLI Config](#local-vrf-sli-config) below.

<a id="local-vrf-slo-config"></a>&#x2022; [`slo_config`](#local-vrf-slo-config) - Optional Block<br>Site Local Network Configuration. Site local network configuration<br>See [Slo Config](#local-vrf-slo-config) below.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config

A [`sli_config`](#local-vrf-sli-config) block (within [`local_vrf`](#local-vrf)) supports the following:

<a id="local-vrf-sli-config-labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#local-vrf-sli-config-labels) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this network, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="local-vrf-sli-config-nameserver"></a>&#x2022; [`nameserver`](#local-vrf-sli-config-nameserver) - Optional String<br>Optional DNS V4 server IP to be used for name resolution

<a id="local-vrf-sli-config-no-static-routes"></a>&#x2022; [`no_static_routes`](#local-vrf-sli-config-no-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="routes-53016e"></a>&#x2022; [`no_v6_static_routes`](#routes-53016e) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="local-vrf-sli-config-static-routes"></a>&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#local-vrf-sli-config-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes List<br>See [Static Routes](#local-vrf-sli-config-static-routes) below.

<a id="local-vrf-sli-config-static-v6-routes"></a>&#x2022; [`static_v6_routes`](#local-vrf-sli-config-static-v6-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static IPv6 Routes List. List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static V6 Routes](#local-vrf-sli-config-static-v6-routes) below.

<a id="local-vrf-sli-config-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`vip`](#local-vrf-sli-config-vip) - Optional String<br>Optional common virtual V4 IP across all nodes to be used as automatic VIP

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#local-vrf-sli-config-static-routes) block (within [`local_vrf.sli_config`](#local-vrf-sli-config)) supports the following:

<a id="routes-159447"></a>&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#routes-159447) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes<br>See [Static Routes](#routes-159447) below.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static Routes Static Routes

<a id="deep-0b00a5"></a>Deeply nested **Routes** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static Routes Static Routes Node Interface

<a id="deep-c36771"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static Routes Static Routes Node Interface List

<a id="deep-9295ad"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static Routes Static Routes Node Interface List Interface

<a id="deep-3a649b"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static V6 Routes

A [`static_v6_routes`](#local-vrf-sli-config-static-v6-routes) block (within [`local_vrf.sli_config`](#local-vrf-sli-config)) supports the following:

<a id="routes-b75018"></a>&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#routes-b75018) - Optional Block<br>List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#routes-b75018) below.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes

<a id="deep-26bfb4"></a>Deeply nested **Routes** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes Node Interface

<a id="deep-989f5e"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes Node Interface List

<a id="deep-94960c"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf SLI Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes Node Interface List Interface

<a id="deep-6ebb7a"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config

A [`slo_config`](#local-vrf-slo-config) block (within [`local_vrf`](#local-vrf)) supports the following:

<a id="local-vrf-slo-config-labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#local-vrf-slo-config-labels) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this network, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="local-vrf-slo-config-nameserver"></a>&#x2022; [`nameserver`](#local-vrf-slo-config-nameserver) - Optional String<br>Optional DNS V4 server IP to be used for name resolution

<a id="local-vrf-slo-config-no-static-routes"></a>&#x2022; [`no_static_routes`](#local-vrf-slo-config-no-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="routes-a47310"></a>&#x2022; [`no_v6_static_routes`](#routes-a47310) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="local-vrf-slo-config-static-routes"></a>&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#local-vrf-slo-config-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes List<br>See [Static Routes](#local-vrf-slo-config-static-routes) below.

<a id="local-vrf-slo-config-static-v6-routes"></a>&#x2022; [`static_v6_routes`](#local-vrf-slo-config-static-v6-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static IPv6 Routes List. List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static V6 Routes](#local-vrf-slo-config-static-v6-routes) below.

<a id="local-vrf-slo-config-vip"></a>&#x2022; [`vip`](#local-vrf-slo-config-vip) - Optional String<br>Optional common virtual V4 IP across all nodes to be used as automatic VIP

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#local-vrf-slo-config-static-routes) block (within [`local_vrf.slo_config`](#local-vrf-slo-config)) supports the following:

<a id="routes-07ae6c"></a>&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#routes-07ae6c) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes<br>See [Static Routes](#routes-07ae6c) below.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static Routes Static Routes

<a id="deep-c4ba70"></a>Deeply nested **Routes** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static Routes Static Routes Node Interface

<a id="deep-9a77b8"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static Routes Static Routes Node Interface List

<a id="deep-778bc9"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static Routes Static Routes Node Interface List Interface

<a id="deep-8ea40a"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static V6 Routes

A [`static_v6_routes`](#local-vrf-slo-config-static-v6-routes) block (within [`local_vrf.slo_config`](#local-vrf-slo-config)) supports the following:

<a id="routes-5b5639"></a>&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#routes-5b5639) - Optional Block<br>List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#routes-5b5639) below.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes

<a id="deep-69c74f"></a>Deeply nested **Routes** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes Node Interface

<a id="deep-c59810"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes Node Interface List

<a id="deep-753f28"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Local Vrf Slo Config Static V6 Routes Static Routes Node Interface List Interface

<a id="deep-86b9dc"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Log Receiver

A [`log_receiver`](#log-receiver) block supports the following:

<a id="log-receiver-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#log-receiver-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="log-receiver-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#log-receiver-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="log-receiver-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#log-receiver-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

#### Nutanix

A [`nutanix`](#nutanix) block supports the following:

<a id="nutanix-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#nutanix-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#nutanix-not-managed) below.

#### Nutanix Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#nutanix-not-managed) block (within [`nutanix`](#nutanix)) supports the following:

<a id="nutanix-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#nutanix-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#nutanix-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#nutanix-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`nutanix.not_managed`](#nutanix-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="nutanix-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#nutanix-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-b40ceb"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-b40ceb) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-b40ceb) below.

<a id="nutanix-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#nutanix-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="nutanix-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#nutanix-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-b40ceb) block (within [`nutanix.not_managed.node_list`](#nutanix-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-2d0b01"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-2d0b01) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-2d0b01) below.

<a id="spec-baa727"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-baa727) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-112522"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-112522) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-d78243"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-d78243) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-d78243) below.

<a id="config-08cb50"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-08cb50) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-08cb50) below.

<a id="labels-c91cb8"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-c91cb8) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-824921"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-824921) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-1b5f4c"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-1b5f4c) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-9286d4"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-9286d4) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-f9abff"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-f9abff) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-40de75"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-40de75) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-40de75) below.

<a id="address-768ec8"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-768ec8) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-9dd875"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-9dd875) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-e54ce8"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-e54ce8) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-a3014f"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-a3014f) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-47989b"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-47989b) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-09302a"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-09302a) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-09302a) below.

<a id="address-2a34d1"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-2a34d1) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-2a34d1) below.

<a id="interface-e23d44"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-e23d44) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-e23d44) below.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-a0d86e"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-452ac2"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-c19cdf"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-ae55a4"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-1e40a4"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-1a1f28"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-51b635"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-d92def"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-be66c9"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-5a9d54"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-7af73e"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-138aec"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-bd2504"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-0fbd56"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-822c9a"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-7b95c4"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-ab1035"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Nutanix Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-30c686"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci

An [`oci`](#oci) block supports the following:

<a id="oci-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#oci-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#oci-not-managed) below.

#### Oci Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#oci-not-managed) block (within [`oci`](#oci)) supports the following:

<a id="oci-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#oci-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#oci-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#oci-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`oci.not_managed`](#oci-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="oci-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#oci-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-af4877"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-af4877) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-af4877) below.

<a id="oci-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#oci-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="oci-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#oci-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-af4877) block (within [`oci.not_managed.node_list`](#oci-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-8f5f59"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-8f5f59) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-8f5f59) below.

<a id="spec-6e395f"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-6e395f) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-29509c"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-29509c) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-e66013"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-e66013) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-e66013) below.

<a id="config-5531bb"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-5531bb) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-5531bb) below.

<a id="labels-66a173"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-66a173) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-2b293c"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-2b293c) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-773f90"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-773f90) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-314a9f"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-314a9f) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-600128"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-600128) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-747ef7"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-747ef7) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-747ef7) below.

<a id="address-23b964"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-23b964) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-009f48"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-009f48) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-aeec59"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-aeec59) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-91e657"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-91e657) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-9b24dc"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-9b24dc) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-bd24d4"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-bd24d4) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-bd24d4) below.

<a id="address-eabfe8"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-eabfe8) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-eabfe8) below.

<a id="interface-cb2c85"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-cb2c85) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-cb2c85) below.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-446af8"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-4ae1cd"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-dc3621"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-a7e52b"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-e27180"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-4067cc"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-fa8fac"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-d366cc"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-41029f"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-6d3c92"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-a574c6"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-108398"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-4dc97a"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-d328a9"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-b8c38e"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-6986c2"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-02be06"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Oci Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-395474"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Offline Survivability Mode

An [`offline_survivability_mode`](#offline-survivability-mode) block supports the following:

<a id="mode-565021"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_offline_survivability_mode`](#mode-565021) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mode-02f0c8"></a>&#x2022; [`no_offline_survivability_mode`](#mode-02f0c8) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Openstack

An [`openstack`](#openstack) block supports the following:

<a id="openstack-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#openstack-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#openstack-not-managed) below.

#### Openstack Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#openstack-not-managed) block (within [`openstack`](#openstack)) supports the following:

<a id="openstack-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#openstack-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#openstack-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#openstack-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`openstack.not_managed`](#openstack-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="hostname-6b3cf2"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#hostname-6b3cf2) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-08a137"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-08a137) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-08a137) below.

<a id="public-ip-1602e3"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#public-ip-1602e3) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="openstack-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#openstack-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-08a137) block (within [`openstack.not_managed.node_list`](#openstack-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-795887"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-795887) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-795887) below.

<a id="spec-6e2a64"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-6e2a64) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-3f6d38"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-3f6d38) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-b6bf86"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-b6bf86) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-b6bf86) below.

<a id="config-3546e4"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-3546e4) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-3546e4) below.

<a id="labels-f228d0"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-f228d0) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-430458"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-430458) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-7cde43"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-7cde43) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-12e85c"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-12e85c) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-a4611b"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-a4611b) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-c423fd"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-c423fd) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-c423fd) below.

<a id="address-96a5c5"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-96a5c5) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-9ee17d"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-9ee17d) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-34866f"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-34866f) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-006035"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-006035) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-f181b0"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-f181b0) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-458635"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-458635) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-458635) below.

<a id="address-170d5f"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-170d5f) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-170d5f) below.

<a id="interface-1fd835"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-1fd835) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-1fd835) below.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-63720a"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-40e69b"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-ce3b3d"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-961f80"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-ed028d"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-28e629"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-914680"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-f991e0"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-3b5b14"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-c5338f"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-2f69f3"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-4f6a88"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-f60961"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-d09a62"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-dd6bdf"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-38b9de"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-8da7bf"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Openstack Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-68a558"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Performance Enhancement Mode

A [`performance_enhancement_mode`](#performance-enhancement-mode) block supports the following:

<a id="enhanced-31b8ac"></a>&#x2022; [`perf_mode_l3_enhanced`](#enhanced-31b8ac) - Optional Block<br>L3 Mode Enhanced Performance. L3 enhanced performance mode OPTIONS<br>See [Perf Mode L3 Enhanced](#enhanced-31b8ac) below.

<a id="enhanced-38f174"></a>&#x2022; [`perf_mode_l7_enhanced`](#enhanced-38f174) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Performance Enhancement Mode Perf Mode L3 Enhanced

A [`perf_mode_l3_enhanced`](#enhanced-31b8ac) block (within [`performance_enhancement_mode`](#performance-enhancement-mode)) supports the following:

<a id="jumbo-7ba5b8"></a>&#x2022; [`jumbo`](#jumbo-7ba5b8) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="jumbo-95338e"></a>&#x2022; [`no_jumbo`](#jumbo-95338e) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### RE Select

A [`re_select`](#re-select) block supports the following:

<a id="re-select-geo-proximity"></a>&#x2022; [`geo_proximity`](#re-select-geo-proximity) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="re-select-specific-re"></a>&#x2022; [`specific_re`](#re-select-specific-re) - Optional Block<br>Select specific REs. This is useful when a site needs to deterministically connect to a set of REs. A site will always be connected to 2 REs<br>See [Specific RE](#re-select-specific-re) below.

#### RE Select Specific RE

A [`specific_re`](#re-select-specific-re) block (within [`re_select`](#re-select)) supports the following:

<a id="re-select-specific-re-primary-re"></a>&#x2022; [`primary_re`](#re-select-specific-re-primary-re) - Optional String<br>Primary RE Geography. Select primary RE for this site

#### Site Mesh Group On Slo

A [`site_mesh_group_on_slo`](#site-mesh-group-on-slo) block supports the following:

<a id="group-0918cc"></a>&#x2022; [`no_site_mesh_group`](#group-0918cc) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="site-mesh-group-on-slo-site-mesh-group"></a>&#x2022; [`site_mesh_group`](#site-mesh-group-on-slo-site-mesh-group) - Optional Block<br>Type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Site Mesh Group](#site-mesh-group-on-slo-site-mesh-group) below.

<a id="public-ip-ebd29c"></a>&#x2022; [`sm_connection_public_ip`](#public-ip-ebd29c) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="pvt-ip-9317b2"></a>&#x2022; [`sm_connection_pvt_ip`](#pvt-ip-9317b2) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Site Mesh Group On Slo Site Mesh Group

<a id="deep-e180b6"></a>Deeply nested **Group** block collapsed for readability.

#### Software Settings

A [`software_settings`](#software-settings) block supports the following:

<a id="software-settings-os"></a>&#x2022; [`os`](#software-settings-os) - Optional Block<br>Select the F5XC Operating System Version for the site. By default, latest available OS Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released OS versions<br>See [OS](#software-settings-os) below.

<a id="software-settings-sw"></a>&#x2022; [`sw`](#software-settings-sw) - Optional Block<br>Select the F5XC Software Version for the site. By default, latest available F5XC Software Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released SW versions<br>See [Sw](#software-settings-sw) below.

#### Software Settings OS

An [`os`](#software-settings-os) block (within [`software_settings`](#software-settings)) supports the following:

<a id="software-settings-os-default-os-version"></a>&#x2022; [`default_os_version`](#software-settings-os-default-os-version) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="version-dbab0c"></a>&#x2022; [`operating_system_version`](#version-dbab0c) - Optional String<br>Specify a OS version to be used e.g. 9.2024.6

#### Software Settings Sw

A [`sw`](#software-settings-sw) block (within [`software_settings`](#software-settings)) supports the following:

<a id="software-settings-sw-default-sw-version"></a>&#x2022; [`default_sw_version`](#software-settings-sw-default-sw-version) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="version-0a788c"></a>&#x2022; [`volterra_software_version`](#version-0a788c) - Optional String<br>Specify a F5XC Software Version to be used e.g. Crt-20210329-1002

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `30 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `30 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `30 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### Upgrade Settings

An [`upgrade_settings`](#upgrade-settings) block supports the following:

<a id="drain-bb0463"></a>&#x2022; [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#drain-bb0463) - Optional Block<br>Specify how worker nodes within a site will be upgraded<br>See [Kubernetes Upgrade Drain](#drain-bb0463) below.

#### Upgrade Settings Kubernetes Upgrade Drain

A [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#drain-bb0463) block (within [`upgrade_settings`](#upgrade-settings)) supports the following:

<a id="drain-897b77"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_upgrade_drain`](#drain-897b77) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="drain-817909"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_upgrade_drain`](#drain-817909) - Optional Block<br>Specify batch upgrade settings for worker nodes within a site<br>See [Enable Upgrade Drain](#drain-817909) below.

#### Upgrade Settings Kubernetes Upgrade Drain Enable Upgrade Drain

<a id="deep-c91971"></a>Deeply nested **Drain** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware

A [`vmware`](#vmware) block supports the following:

<a id="vmware-not-managed"></a>&#x2022; [`not_managed`](#vmware-not-managed) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Not Managed](#vmware-not-managed) below.

#### Vmware Not Managed

A [`not_managed`](#vmware-not-managed) block (within [`vmware`](#vmware)) supports the following:

<a id="vmware-not-managed-node-list"></a>&#x2022; [`node_list`](#vmware-not-managed-node-list) - Optional Block<br>Section will show nodes associated with this site<br>See [Node List](#vmware-not-managed-node-list) below.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List

A [`node_list`](#vmware-not-managed-node-list) block (within [`vmware.not_managed`](#vmware-not-managed)) supports the following:

<a id="vmware-not-managed-node-list-hostname"></a>&#x2022; [`hostname`](#vmware-not-managed-node-list-hostname) - Optional String<br>Hostname. Hostname for this Node

<a id="list-7c5ba9"></a>&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#list-7c5ba9) - Optional Block<br>Manage interfaces belonging to this node<br>See [Interface List](#list-7c5ba9) below.

<a id="vmware-not-managed-node-list-public-ip"></a>&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#vmware-not-managed-node-list-public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. Public IP for this Node

<a id="vmware-not-managed-node-list-type"></a>&#x2022; [`type`](#vmware-not-managed-node-list-type) - Optional String<br>Type for this Node, can be Control or Worker

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#list-7c5ba9) block (within [`vmware.not_managed.node_list`](#vmware-not-managed-node-list)) supports the following:

<a id="interface-067b8c"></a>&#x2022; [`bond_interface`](#interface-067b8c) - Optional Block<br>Bond Device. Bond devices configuration for fleet<br>See [Bond Interface](#interface-067b8c) below.

<a id="spec-2a2415"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#spec-2a2415) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

<a id="client-c6d6b2"></a>&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#client-c6d6b2) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="interface-d5d7ec"></a>&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#interface-d5d7ec) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#interface-d5d7ec) below.

<a id="config-f79747"></a>&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#config-f79747) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#config-f79747) below.

<a id="labels-2ed8c9"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels-2ed8c9) - Optional Block<br>Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

<a id="monitor-ad3d04"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor-ad3d04) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

<a id="disabled-3f7207"></a>&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#disabled-3f7207) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="mtu-2aef73"></a>&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu-2aef73) - Optional Number<br>Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

<a id="name-4830d8"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-4830d8) - Optional String<br>Interface Name. Name of this Interface

<a id="option-e71ea9"></a>&#x2022; [`network_option`](#option-e71ea9) - Optional Block<br>Select virtual network (VRF) for this interface. There are 2 kinds of VRFs, local VRFs which are local to the site and global VRFs which extend into multiple sites. A site can have 2 Local VRFs, Site Local Outside (SLO), which is required for every site and Site Local Inside (SLI) which is optional<br>See [Network Option](#option-e71ea9) below.

<a id="address-208212"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv4_address`](#address-208212) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="address-b8f24d"></a>&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#address-b8f24d) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="priority-378726"></a>&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority-378726) - Optional Number<br>For a node, if multiple interfaces are configured in a VRF, interfaces with highest priority will be used as active and interfaces with lower priority will be used as backup. If multiple interfaces have the same priority, ECMP will be used. Greater the value, higher the priority

<a id="disabled-dfbb95"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#disabled-dfbb95) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="enabled-223030"></a>&#x2022; [`site_to_site_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#enabled-223030) - Optional Block<br>Can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="static-ip-7bbfdd"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip-7bbfdd) - Optional Block<br>Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Static IP](#static-ip-7bbfdd) below.

<a id="address-535454"></a>&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#address-535454) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#address-535454) below.

<a id="interface-699e69"></a>&#x2022; [`vlan_interface`](#interface-699e69) - Optional Block<br>VLAN Interface<br>See [VLAN Interface](#interface-699e69) below.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface

<a id="deep-633873"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Bond Interface Lacp

<a id="deep-7afe62"></a>Deeply nested **Lacp** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Ethernet Interface

<a id="deep-7dcc90"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config

<a id="deep-c33317"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router

<a id="deep-ac39e9"></a>Deeply nested **Router** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config

<a id="deep-06eab4"></a>Deeply nested **Config** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Configured List

<a id="deep-16e9fa"></a>Deeply nested **List** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router DNS Config Local DNS

<a id="deep-45525f"></a>Deeply nested **DNS** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful

<a id="deep-c19fa0"></a>Deeply nested **Stateful** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks

<a id="deep-229092"></a>Deeply nested **Networks** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful DHCP Networks Pools

<a id="deep-ed0fd6"></a>Deeply nested **Pools** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List IPv6 Auto Config Router Stateful Interface IP Map

<a id="deep-949cb5"></a>Deeply nested **Map** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Network Option

<a id="deep-995b74"></a>Deeply nested **Option** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IP

<a id="deep-acfda1"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address

<a id="deep-ddcd86"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Cluster Static IP

<a id="deep-a76954"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List Static IPv6 Address Node Static IP

<a id="deep-e0fa74"></a>Deeply nested **IP** block collapsed for readability.

#### Vmware Not Managed Node List Interface List VLAN Interface

<a id="deep-a2b927"></a>Deeply nested **Interface** block collapsed for readability.

---

## Common Types

The following type definitions are used throughout this resource. See the full definition here rather than repeated inline.

### Object Reference {#common-object-reference}

Object references establish a direct reference from one configuration object to another in F5 Distributed Cloud. References use the format `tenant/namespace/name`.

| Field | Type | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----------- |
| `name` | String | Name of the referenced object |
| `namespace` | String | Namespace containing the referenced object |
| `tenant` | String | Tenant of the referenced object (system-managed) |

### Transformers {#common-transformers}

Transformers apply transformations to input values before matching. Multiple transformers can be applied in order.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `LOWER_CASE` | Convert to lowercase |
| `UPPER_CASE` | Convert to uppercase |
| `BASE64_DECODE` | Decode base64 content |
| `NORMALIZE_PATH` | Normalize URL path |
| `REMOVE_WHITESPACE` | Remove whitespace characters |
| `URL_DECODE` | Decode URL-encoded characters |
| `TRIM_LEFT` | Trim leading whitespace |
| `TRIM_RIGHT` | Trim trailing whitespace |
| `TRIM` | Trim both leading and trailing whitespace |

### HTTP Methods {#common-http-methods}

HTTP methods used for request matching.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `ANY` | Match any HTTP method |
| `GET` | HTTP GET request |
| `HEAD` | HTTP HEAD request |
| `POST` | HTTP POST request |
| `PUT` | HTTP PUT request |
| `DELETE` | HTTP DELETE request |
| `CONNECT` | HTTP CONNECT request |
| `OPTIONS` | HTTP OPTIONS request |
| `TRACE` | HTTP TRACE request |
| `PATCH` | HTTP PATCH request |
| `COPY` | HTTP COPY request (WebDAV) |

### TLS Fingerprints {#common-tls-fingerprints}

TLS fingerprint categories for malicious client detection.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `TLS_FINGERPRINT_NONE` | No fingerprint matching |
| `ANY_MALICIOUS_FINGERPRINT` | Match any known malicious fingerprint |
| `ADWARE` | Adware-associated fingerprints |
| `DRIDEX` | Dridex malware fingerprints |
| `GOOTKIT` | Gootkit malware fingerprints |
| `RANSOMWARE` | Ransomware-associated fingerprints |
| `TRICKBOT` | Trickbot malware fingerprints |

### IP Threat Categories {#common-ip-threat-categories}

IP address threat categories for security filtering.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `SPAM_SOURCES` | Known spam sources |
| `WINDOWS_EXPLOITS` | Windows exploit sources |
| `WEB_ATTACKS` | Web attack sources |
| `BOTNETS` | Known botnet IPs |
| `SCANNERS` | Network scanner IPs |
| `REPUTATION` | Poor reputation IPs |
| `PHISHING` | Phishing-related IPs |
| `PROXY` | Anonymous proxy IPs |
| `MOBILE_THREATS` | Mobile threat sources |
| `TOR_PROXY` | Tor exit nodes |
| `DENIAL_OF_SERVICE` | DoS attack sources |
| `NETWORK` | Known bad network ranges |

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_securemesh_site.example system/example
```
