---
page_title: "f5xc_sensitive_data_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages sensitive_data_policy creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_sensitive_data_policy (Resource)

Manages sensitive_data_policy creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Sensitive Data Policy Resource Example
# Manages sensitive_data_policy creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Sensitive Data Policy configuration
resource "f5xc_sensitive_data_policy" "example" {
  name      = "example-sensitive-data-policy"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Defined Custom Sensitive Data Types. Select your custom d...
  custom_data_types {
    # Configure custom_data_types settings
  }
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  custom_data_type_ref {
    # Configure custom_data_type_ref settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the SensitiveDataPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the SensitiveDataPolicy will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`compliances`](#compliances) - Optional List<br>Possible values are `GDPR`, `CCPA`, `PIPEDA`, `LGPD`, `DPA_UK`, `PDPA_SG`, `APPI`, `HIPAA`, `CPRA_2023`, `CPA_CO`, `SOC2`, `PCI_DSS`, `ISO_IEC_27001`, `ISO_IEC_27701`, `EPRIVACY_DIRECTIVE`, `GLBA`, `SOX`<br>Compliance Frameworks. Select relevant compliance frameworks, such as GDPR, HIPAA, or PCI-DSS, to ensure monitoring under your sensitive data discovery

&#x2022; [`custom_data_types`](#custom-data-types) - Optional Block<br>Defined Custom Sensitive Data Types. Select your custom data types to be monitored in the API discovery<br>See [Custom Data Types](#custom-data-types) below for details.

&#x2022; [`disabled_predefined_data_types`](#disabled-predefined-data-types) - Optional List<br>Disabled Built-In Sensitive Data Types. Select which pre-configured data types to disable, disabled data types will not be shown as sensitive in the API discovery

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="custom-data-types"></a>

**Custom Data Types**

&#x2022; [`custom_data_type_ref`](#custom-data-type-ref) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Custom Data Type Ref](#custom-data-types-custom-data-type-ref) below.

<a id="custom-data-types-custom-data-type-ref"></a>

**Custom Data Types Custom Data Type Ref**

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_sensitive_data_policy.example system/example
```
