---
page_title: "f5xc_site_mesh_group Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Sites"
description: |-
  Manages Site Mesh Group in system namespace of user in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_site_mesh_group (Resource)

Manages Site Mesh Group in system namespace of user in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Site Mesh Group API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/site-mesh-group) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Site Mesh Group Resource Example
# Manages Site Mesh Group in system namespace of user in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Site Mesh Group configuration
resource "f5xc_site_mesh_group" "example" {
  name      = "example-site-mesh-group"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Site Mesh Group configuration
  type = "SITE_MESH_GROUP_TYPE_FULL_MESH"

  # Control and data plane settings
  full_mesh {
    control_and_data_plane_mesh {}
  }

  # Hub status
  hub {}

  # Virtual site reference
  virtual_site {
    name      = "example-virtual-site"
    namespace = "system"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the SiteMeshGroup. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the SiteMeshGroup will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`disable_re_fallback`](#disable-re-fallback) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`enable_re_fallback`](#enable-re-fallback) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`full_mesh`](#full-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Full Mesh. Details of Full Mesh Group Type<br>See [Full Mesh](#full-mesh) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`hub_mesh`](#hub-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Hub Full Mesh. Details of Hub Full Mesh Group Type<br>See [Hub Mesh](#hub-mesh) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`spoke_mesh`](#spoke-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Spoke. Details of Spoke Mesh Group Type<br>See [Spoke Mesh](#spoke-mesh) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

&#x2022; [`virtual_site`](#virtual-site) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Site (Sites in this group). Set of sites for which this mesh group config is valid. If 'Type' is Spoke, then it gives set of spoke sites. If 'Type' is Hub, then it gives set of hub sites. If 'Type' is Full Mesh, then it gives set of sites that are connected in full mesh<br>See [Virtual Site](#virtual-site) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Full Mesh

A [`full_mesh`](#full-mesh) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`control_and_data_plane_mesh`](#full-mesh-control-and-data-plane-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`data_plane_mesh`](#full-mesh-data-plane-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Hub Mesh

A [`hub_mesh`](#hub-mesh) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`control_and_data_plane_mesh`](#hub-mesh-control-and-data-plane-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`data_plane_mesh`](#hub-mesh-data-plane-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Spoke Mesh

A [`spoke_mesh`](#spoke-mesh) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`control_and_data_plane_mesh`](#spoke-mesh-control-and-data-plane-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`data_plane_mesh`](#spoke-mesh-data-plane-mesh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`hub_mesh_group`](#spoke-mesh-hub-mesh-group) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Hub Mesh Group](#spoke-mesh-hub-mesh-group) below.

#### Spoke Mesh Hub Mesh Group

A [`hub_mesh_group`](#spoke-mesh-hub-mesh-group) block (within [`spoke_mesh`](#spoke-mesh)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#spoke-mesh-hub-mesh-group-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#spoke-mesh-hub-mesh-group-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#spoke-mesh-hub-mesh-group-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

#### Virtual Site

A [`virtual_site`](#virtual-site) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-site-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-site-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#virtual-site-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#virtual-site-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-site-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_site_mesh_group.example system/example
```
