---
page_title: "f5xc_subnet Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a Subnet resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for subnet object contains configuration for an interface of a vm/pod. it is created in user or shared namespace. configuration.
---

# f5xc_subnet (Resource)

Manages a Subnet resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for subnet object contains configuration for an interface of a vm/pod. it is created in user or shared namespace. configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Subnet API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/subnet) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Subnet Resource Example
# Manages a Subnet resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for subnet object contains configuration for an interface of a vm/pod. it is created in user or shared namespace. configuration.

# Basic Subnet configuration
resource "f5xc_subnet" "example" {
  name      = "example-subnet"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # [OneOf: connect_to_layer2, connect_to_slo, isolated_nw] S...
  connect_to_layer2 {
    # Configure connect_to_layer2 settings
  }
  # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
  layer2_intf_ref {
    # Configure layer2_intf_ref settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  connect_to_slo {
    # Configure connect_to_slo settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Subnet. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Subnet will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`connect_to_layer2`](#connect-to-layer2) - Optional Block<br>Subnet connection to Layer2 Interface<br>See [Connect To Layer2](#connect-to-layer2) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`connect_to_slo`](#connect-to-slo) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`isolated_nw`](#isolated-nw) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`site_subnet_params`](#site-subnet-params) - Optional Block<br>Site Subnet Parameters. Configure subnet parameters per site<br>See [Site Subnet Params](#site-subnet-params) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Connect To Layer2

A [`connect_to_layer2`](#connect-to-layer2) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`layer2_intf_ref`](#layer2-intf-ref) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Layer2 Intf Ref](#connect-to-layer2-layer2-intf-ref) below.

#### Layer2 Intf Ref

A [`layer2_intf_ref`](#connect-to-layer2-layer2-intf-ref) block (within [`connect_to_layer2`](#connect-to-layer2)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Site Subnet Params

A [`site_subnet_params`](#site-subnet-params) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dhcp`](#dhcp) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`site`](#site) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Site](#site-subnet-params-site) below.

&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`subnet_dhcp_server_params`](#subnet-dhcp-server-params) - Optional Block<br>Subnet DHCP parameters. Subnet DHCP parameters will be a subset of network_interface.DHCPServerParametersType as all features in network_interface.DHCPServerParametersType may not be supported in a subnet<br>See [Subnet DHCP Server Params](#site-subnet-params-subnet-dhcp-server-params) below.

#### Site

A [`site`](#site-subnet-params-site) block (within [`site_subnet_params`](#site-subnet-params)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Subnet DHCP Server Params

A [`subnet_dhcp_server_params`](#site-subnet-params-subnet-dhcp-server-params) block (within [`site_subnet_params`](#site-subnet-params)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dhcp_networks`](#dhcp-networks) - Optional Block<br>Subnet DHCP Networks. List of networks from which DHCP server can allocate IP addresses<br>See [DHCP Networks](#site-subnet-params-subnet-dhcp-server-params-dhcp-networks) below.

#### DHCP Networks

A [`dhcp_networks`](#site-subnet-params-subnet-dhcp-server-params-dhcp-networks) block (within [`site_subnet_params.subnet_dhcp_server_params`](#site-subnet-params-subnet-dhcp-server-params)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`network_prefix`](#network-prefix) - Optional String<br>Network Prefix. Network prefix for subnet

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_subnet.example system/example
```
