---
page_title: "f5xc_token Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Authentication"
description: |-
  Manages new token. token object is used to manage site admission. User must generate token before provisioning and pass this token to site during it's registration. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_token (Resource)

Manages new token. token object is used to manage site admission. User must generate token before provisioning and pass this token to site during it's registration. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Token Resource Example
# Manages new token. token object is used to manage site admission. User must generate token before provisioning and pass this token to site during it's registration. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Token configuration
resource "f5xc_token" "example" {
  name      = "example-token"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Token configuration
  token_type = "REGISTRATION_TOKEN"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; `name` - Required String<br>Name of the Token. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; `namespace` - Required String<br>Namespace where the Token will be created

&#x2022; `annotations` - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; `description` - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; `disable` - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; `labels` - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; `timeouts` - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; `id` - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; `create` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; `delete` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; `read` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; `update` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_token.example system/example
```
