---
page_title: "f5xc_tpm_api_key Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "API Security"
description: |-
  Manages a TpmAPIKey resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for apikey object when successfully created returns actual apikey bytes which is used by the users to call in to tpm provisioning api. configuration.
---

# f5xc_tpm_api_key (Resource)

Manages a TpmAPIKey resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for apikey object when successfully created returns actual apikey bytes which is used by the users to call in to tpm provisioning api. configuration.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Tpm API Key API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/tpm-api-key) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Tpm API Key Resource Example
# Manages a TpmAPIKey resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for apikey object when successfully created returns actual apikey bytes which is used by the users to call in to tpm provisioning api. configuration.

# Basic Tpm API Key configuration
resource "f5xc_tpm_api_key" "example" {
  name      = "example-tpm-api-key"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # TPM Category. APIKey needs a reference to an existing TPM...
  category_ref {
    # Configure category_ref settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the TpmAPIKey. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the TpmAPIKey will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`category_ref`](#category-ref) - Optional Block<br>TPM Category. APIKey needs a reference to an existing TPM category object TPM category is used for grouping customer owned APIKeys and manage them as one entity<br>See [Category Ref](#category-ref) below for details.

&#x2022; [`need_mtls`](#need-mtls) - Optional Bool<br>Need mTLS. is mTLS required when using this APIKey?

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="category-ref"></a>

**Category Ref**

A [`category_ref`](#category-ref) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_tpm_api_key.example system/example
```
