---
page_title: "f5xc_tpm_category Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Integrations"
description: |-
  Manages Category object, which is a grouping of APIKeys used for TPM provisioning in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_tpm_category (Resource)

Manages Category object, which is a grouping of APIKeys used for TPM provisioning in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Tpm Category Resource Example
# Manages Category object, which is a grouping of APIKeys used for TPM provisioning in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Tpm Category configuration
resource "f5xc_tpm_category" "example" {
  name      = "example-tpm-category"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # TPM Manager reference. Reference to TPM Manager
  tpm_manager_ref {
    # Configure tpm_manager_ref settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the TpmCategory. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the TpmCategory will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

&#x2022; [`tpm_allow_list`](#tpm-allow-list) - Optional List<br>list of allowed TPM EK Certificates. A TPM manufacturer is typically identified by its EK certificate. TPMAdmin can configure a allow-list of EK certificates for a given category When a TPM provision request is called, TPMAuthority verifies that EK certificate provided in provision matches one the EK certificate on this allow-list Allow list of TPM EK Certificates

&#x2022; [`tpm_manager_ref`](#tpm-manager-ref) - Optional Block<br>TPM Manager reference. Reference to TPM Manager<br>See [Tpm Manager Ref](#tpm-manager-ref) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

<a id="tpm-manager-ref"></a>

**Tpm Manager Ref**

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_tpm_category.example system/example
```
