---
page_title: "f5xc_usb_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages a UsbPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for creates a new usb policy configuration.
---

# f5xc_usb_policy (Resource)

Manages a UsbPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for creates a new usb policy configuration.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Usb Policy Resource Example
# Manages a UsbPolicy resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for creates a new usb policy configuration.

# Basic Usb Policy configuration
resource "f5xc_usb_policy" "example" {
  name      = "example-usb-policy"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Allowed USB devices. List of allowed USB devices
  allowed_devices {
    # Configure allowed_devices settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the UsbPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the UsbPolicy will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`allowed_devices`](#allowed-devices) - Optional Block<br>Allowed USB devices. List of allowed USB devices<br>See [Allowed Devices](#allowed-devices) below for details.

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="allowed-devices"></a>

**Allowed Devices**

&#x2022; [`b_device_class`](#b-device-class) - Optional String<br>Class. The class of this device

&#x2022; [`b_device_protocol`](#b-device-protocol) - Optional String<br>Protocol. The protocol (within the sub-class) of this device

&#x2022; [`b_device_sub_class`](#b-device-sub-class) - Optional String<br>Subclass. The sub-class (within the class) of this device

&#x2022; [`i_serial`](#i-serial) - Optional String<br>iSerialNumber. Index of Serial Number String Descriptor

&#x2022; [`id_product`](#id-product) - Optional String<br>Product ID. Product ID (Assigned by Manufacturer) in hex

&#x2022; [`id_vendor`](#id-vendor) - Optional String<br>Vendor ID. Vendor ID (Assigned by USB Org) in hex

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_usb_policy.example system/example
```
