---
page_title: "f5xc_user_identification Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages user_identification creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_user_identification (Resource)

Manages user_identification creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# User Identification Resource Example
# Manages user_identification creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic User Identification configuration
resource "f5xc_user_identification" "example" {
  name      = "example-user-identification"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # User Identification configuration
  rules {
    identifier_type = "CLIENT_IP"
    any_client {}
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; `name` - Required String<br>Name of the UserIdentification. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; `namespace` - Required String<br>Namespace where the UserIdentification will be created

&#x2022; `annotations` - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; `description` - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; `disable` - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; `labels` - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; `rules` - Optional Block<br>User Identification Rules. An ordered list of rules that are evaluated sequentially against the input fields extracted from an API request in order to determine a user identifier. Evaluation of the rules is terminated once a user identifier has been extracted<br>See [Rules](#rules) below for details.

&#x2022; `timeouts` - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; `id` - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="rules"></a>

**Rules**

&#x2022; `client_asn` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `client_city` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `client_country` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `client_ip` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `client_region` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `cookie_name` - Optional String<br>Cookie Name. Use the HTTP cookie value for the given name as user identifier

&#x2022; `http_header_name` - Optional String<br>HTTP Header Name. Use the HTTP header value for the given name as user identifier

&#x2022; `ip_and_http_header_name` - Optional String<br>HTTP Header Name. Name of HTTP header from which the value should be extracted

&#x2022; `ip_and_ja4_tls_fingerprint` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `ip_and_tls_fingerprint` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `ja4_tls_fingerprint` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `jwt_claim_name` - Optional String<br>JWT Claim Name. Use the JWT claim value as user identifier

&#x2022; `none` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; `query_param_key` - Optional String<br>Query Parameter Key. Use the query parameter value for the given key as user identifier

&#x2022; `tls_fingerprint` - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; `create` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; `delete` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; `read` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; `update` - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_user_identification.example system/example
```
