---
page_title: "f5xc_virtual_site Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Sites"
description: |-
  Manages virtual site object in given namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_virtual_site (Resource)

Manages virtual site object in given namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Virtual Site API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/virtual-site) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Virtual Site Resource Example
# Manages virtual site object in given namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Virtual Site configuration
resource "f5xc_virtual_site" "example" {
  name      = "example-virtual-site"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Virtual Site configuration
  site_type = "CUSTOMER_EDGE"

  # Site selector expression
  site_selector {
    expressions = ["region in (us-west-2, us-east-1)"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the VirtualSite. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the VirtualSite will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`site_selector`](#site-selector) - Optional Block<br>Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings are logically 'OR'. BNF for expression string <selector-syntax> ::= <requirement> | <requirement> ',' <selector-syntax> <requirement> ::= [!] KEY [ <set-based-restriction> | <exact-match-restriction> ] <set-based-restriction> ::= '' | <inclusion-exclusion> <value-set> <inclusion-exclusion> ::= <inclusion> | <exclusion> <exclusion> ::= 'notin' <inclusion> ::= 'in' <value-set> ::= '(' <values> ')' <values> ::= VALUE | VALUE ',' <values> <exact-match-restriction> ::= ['='|'=='|'!='] VALUE<br>See [Site Selector](#site-selector) below for details.

&#x2022; [`site_type`](#site-type) - Optional String<br>Possible values are `INVALID`, `REGIONAL_EDGE`, `CUSTOMER_EDGE`, `NGINX_ONE`<br>Site Type. Site Type which can either RE or CE Invalid type of site Regional Edge site Customer Edge site

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="site-selector"></a>

**Site Selector**

A `site_selector` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`expressions`](#expressions) - Optional List<br>Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

A `timeouts` block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_virtual_site.example system/example
```
