---
page_title: "f5xc_virtual_network Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  [Category: Networking] [Namespace: required] Manages virtual network in given namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_virtual_network (Resource)

[Category: Networking] [Namespace: required] Manages virtual network in given namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Virtual Network API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/virtual-network) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Virtual Network Resource Example
# [Category: Networking] [Namespace: required] Manages virtual network in given namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Virtual Network configuration
resource "f5xc_virtual_network" "example" {
  name      = "example-virtual-network"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  // One of the arguments from this list "global_network legacy_type site_local_inside_network site_local_network srv6_network" must be set

  site_local_network {}

  // Static routes configuration (optional)
  static_routes {
    ip_prefixes = ["10.0.0.0/8"]

    // One of the arguments from this list "default_gateway ip_address node_interface" must be set

    default_gateway {}

    attrs = ["ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Virtual Network. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Virtual Network will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="global-network"></a>[`global_network`](#global-network) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="legacy-type"></a>[`legacy_type`](#legacy-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`<br>Possible values are `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT`<br>[Enum: VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC|VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT] Virtual Network Type. Different types of virtual networks understood by the system Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL provides connectivity to public (outside) network. This is an insecure network and is connected to public internet via NAT Gateways/firwalls Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created automatically and present on all sites Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE is a private network inside site. It is a secure network and is not connected to public network. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created during provisioning of site User defined per-site virtual network. Scope of this virtual network is limited to the site. This is not yet supported Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC directly conects to the public internet. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on RE sites only It is an internally created by the system. They must not be created by user Virtual Neworks with global scope across different sites in F5XC domain. An example global virtual-network called 'AIN Network' is created for every tenant. for volterra fabric Constraints: It is currently only supported as internally created by the system. vK8s service network for a given tenant. Used to advertise a virtual host only to vk8s pods for that tenant Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user VER internal network for the site. It can only be used for virtual hosts with SMA_PROXY type proxy Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE represents both VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL and VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an advertise policy When virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO is selected for an endpoint, VER will try to determine the network based on the provided IP address Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an endpoint VoltADN Private Network is used on volterra RE(s) to connect to customer private networks This network is created by opening a support ticket This network is per site srv6 network VER IP Fabric network for the site. This Virtual network type is used for exposing virtual host on IP Fabric network on the VER site or for endpoint in IP Fabric network Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Network internally created for a segment Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="site-local-inside-network"></a>[`site_local_inside_network`](#site-local-inside-network) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="site-local-network"></a>[`site_local_network`](#site-local-network) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="static-routes"></a>&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes. List of static routes on the virtual network<br>See [Static Routes](#static-routes) below for details.

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#static-routes) block supports the following:

<a id="static-routes-attrs"></a>&#x2022; [`attrs`](#static-routes-attrs) - Optional List  Defaults to `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`<br>Possible values are `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`, `ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING`, `ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY`<br>[Enum: ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP|ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE|ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST|ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING|ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY] Attributes. List of attributes that control forwarding, dynamic routing and control plane (host) reachability

<a id="static-routes-default-gateway"></a>&#x2022; [`default_gateway`](#static-routes-default-gateway) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="static-routes-ip-address"></a>&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#static-routes-ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP Address. Traffic matching the IP prefixes is sent to this IP Address

<a id="static-routes-ip-prefixes"></a>&#x2022; [`ip_prefixes`](#static-routes-ip-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IP Prefixes. List of route prefixes that have common next hop and attributes

<a id="static-routes-node-interface"></a>&#x2022; [`node_interface`](#static-routes-node-interface) - Optional Block<br>NodeInterfaceType. On multinode site, this type holds the information about per node interfaces<br>See [Node Interface](#static-routes-node-interface) below.

#### Static Routes Node Interface

A [`node_interface`](#static-routes-node-interface) block (within [`static_routes`](#static-routes)) supports the following:

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list"></a>&#x2022; [`list`](#static-routes-node-interface-list) - Optional Block<br>Node Interface Info. On a multinode site, this list holds the nodes and corresponding networking_interface<br>See [List](#static-routes-node-interface-list) below.

#### Static Routes Node Interface List

A [`list`](#static-routes-node-interface-list) block (within [`static_routes.node_interface`](#static-routes-node-interface)) supports the following:

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list-interface"></a>&#x2022; [`interface`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) - Optional Block<br>Interface. Interface reference on this node<br>See [Interface](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) below.

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list-node"></a>&#x2022; [`node`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-node) - Optional String<br>Node. Node name on this site

#### Static Routes Node Interface List Interface

An [`interface`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) block (within [`static_routes.node_interface.list`](#static-routes-node-interface-list)) supports the following:

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#static-routes-node-interface-list-interface-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_virtual_network.example system/example
```
