---
page_title: "f5xc\_virtual\_k8s Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Manages virtual_k8s will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc\_virtual\_k8s (Resource)

Manages virtual_k8s will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Virtual K8S API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/virtual-k8s) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Virtual K8S Resource Example
# Manages virtual_k8s will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Virtual K8S configuration
resource "f5xc\_virtual\_k8s" "example" {
  name      = "example-virtual-k8s"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  // Virtual site selection for workload deployment
  vsite_refs {
    name      = "example-virtual-site"
    namespace = "system"
  }

  // One of the arguments from this list "disabled isolated" must be set

  isolated {}

  // Default workload flavor reference
  default\_flavor\_ref {
    name      = "example-workload-flavor"
    namespace = "staging"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the VirtualK8S. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the VirtualK8S will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="default-flavor-ref"></a>&#x2022; [`default\_flavor\_ref`](#default-flavor-ref) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Default Flavor Ref](#default-flavor-ref) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; <a id="disabled"></a>[`disabled`](#disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; <a id="isolated"></a>[`isolated`](#isolated) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

<a id="vsite-refs"></a>&#x2022; [`vsite_refs`](#vsite-refs) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Sites. Reference to virtual-sites Default virtual-site of the Virtual K8S object. If no virtual-site is specified in the Kubernetes API resource object annotations via ves.io/virtual-sites, then this virtual-site is used select sites on which to instantiate the Kubernetes API resource object<br>See [Vsite Refs](#vsite-refs) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Default Flavor Ref

A [`default\_flavor\_ref`](#default-flavor-ref) block supports the following:

<a id="default-flavor-ref-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#default-flavor-ref-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="default-flavor-ref-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#default-flavor-ref-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="default-flavor-ref-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#default-flavor-ref-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `30 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `30 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `30 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### Vsite Refs

A [`vsite_refs`](#vsite-refs) block supports the following:

<a id="vsite-refs-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#vsite-refs-kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="vsite-refs-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#vsite-refs-name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

<a id="vsite-refs-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#vsite-refs-namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

<a id="vsite-refs-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#vsite-refs-tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

<a id="vsite-refs-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#vsite-refs-uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc\_virtual\_k8s.example system/example
```
