---
page_title: "f5xc_voltstack_site Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Sites"
description: |-
  Manages a VoltstackSite resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying Volterra stack sites for edge computing.
---

# f5xc_voltstack_site (Resource)

Manages a VoltstackSite resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying Volterra stack sites for edge computing.

~> **Note** Please refer to [Voltstack Site API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/views-voltstack-site) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Voltstack Site Resource Example
# Manages a VoltstackSite resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for deploying Volterra stack sites for edge computing.

# Basic Voltstack Site configuration
resource "f5xc_voltstack_site" "example" {
  name      = "example-voltstack-site"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Voltstack Site configuration
  # Kubernetes configuration
  k8s_cluster {
    name      = "example-k8s-cluster"
    namespace = "system"
  }

  # Master nodes configuration
  master_nodes = ["master1.example.com"]

  # Default fleet configuration
  default_fleet_config {
    no_bond_devices {}
    no_dc_cluster_group {}
    default_storage_config {}
    no_gpu {}
  }

  # Disable HA by default
  disable_ha {}

  # No worker nodes
  no_worker_nodes {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the VoltstackSite. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the VoltstackSite will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`address`](#address) - Optional String<br>Geographical Address. Site's geographical address that can be used to determine its latitude and longitude

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`allow_all_usb`](#allow-all-usb) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`deny_all_usb`](#deny-all-usb) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`usb_policy`](#usb-policy) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`blocked_services`](#blocked-services) - Optional Block<br>Disable Node Local Services. Disable node local services on this site. Note: The chosen services will get disabled on all nodes in the site<br>See [Blocked Services](#blocked-services) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`default_blocked_services`](#default-blocked-services) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`bond_device_list`](#bond-device-list) - Optional Block<br>Bond Devices List. List of bond devices for this fleet<br>See [Bond Device List](#bond-device-list) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`no_bond_devices`](#no-bond-devices) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`coordinates`](#coordinates) - Optional Block<br>Site Coordinates. Coordinates of the site which provides the site physical location<br>See [Coordinates](#coordinates) below for details.

&#x2022; [`custom_dns`](#custom-dns) - Optional Block<br>Custom DNS. Custom DNS is the configured for specify CE site<br>See [Custom DNS](#custom-dns) below for details.

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config) - Optional Block<br>VssNetworkConfiguration<br>See [Custom Network Config](#custom-network-config) below for details.
<br><br>&#x2022; [`default_network_config`](#default-network-config) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`custom_storage_config`](#custom-storage-config) - Optional Block<br>VssStorageConfiguration
<br><br>&#x2022; [`default_storage_config`](#default-storage-config) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`default_sriov_interface`](#default-sriov-interface) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`sriov_interfaces`](#sriov-interfaces) - Optional Block<br>Custom SR-IOV interfaces Configuration List. List of all custom SR-IOV interfaces configuration

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`disable_gpu`](#disable-gpu) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`enable_gpu`](#enable-gpu) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`enable_vgpu`](#enable-vgpu) - Optional Block<br>vGPU Configuration. Licensing configuration for NVIDIA vGPU

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`disable_vm`](#disable-vm) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed
<br><br>&#x2022; [`enable_vm`](#enable-vm) - Optional Block<br>VM Configuration. VMs support configuration

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`k8s_cluster`](#k8s-cluster) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name
<br><br>&#x2022; [`no_k8s_cluster`](#no-k8s-cluster) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain) - Optional Block<br>Node by Node Upgrade. Specify how worker nodes within a site will be upgraded

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`local_control_plane`](#local-control-plane) - Optional Block<br>Local Control Plane. Enable local control plane for L3VPN, SRV6, EVPN etc
<br><br>&#x2022; [`no_local_control_plane`](#no-local-control-plane) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

-> **One of the following:**
&#x2022; [`log_receiver`](#log-receiver) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name
<br><br>&#x2022; [`logs_streaming_disabled`](#logs-streaming-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`master_node_configuration`](#master-node-configuration) - Optional Block<br>Master Nodes. Configuration of master nodes

&#x2022; [`offline_survivability_mode`](#offline-survivability-mode) - Optional Block<br>Offline Survivability Mode. Offline Survivability allows the Site to continue functioning normally without traffic loss during periods of connectivity loss to the Regional Edge (RE) or the Global Controller (GC). When this feature is enabled, a site can continue to function as is with existing configuration for upto 7 days, even when the site is offline. The certificates needed to keep the services running on this site are signed using a local CA. Secrets would also be cached locally to handle the connectivity loss. When the mode is toggled, services will restart and traffic disruption will be seen

&#x2022; [`os`](#os) - Optional Block<br>Operating System Version. Select the F5XC Operating System Version for the site. By default, latest available OS Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released OS versions

&#x2022; [`sw`](#sw) - Optional Block<br>F5XC Software Version. Select the F5XC Software Version for the site. By default, latest available F5XC Software Version will be used. Refer to release notes to find required released SW versions

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block

&#x2022; [`volterra_certified_hw`](#volterra-certified-hw) - Optional String<br>Generic Server Certified Hardware. Name for generic server certified hardware to form this App Stack site

&#x2022; [`worker_nodes`](#worker-nodes) - Optional List<br>Worker Nodes. Names of worker nodes

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Blocked Services

A [`blocked_services`](#blocked-services) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blocked_sevice`](#blocked-sevice) - Optional Block<br>Disable Node Local Services<br>See [Blocked Sevice](#blocked-services-blocked-sevice) below.

#### Blocked Sevice

A [`blocked_sevice`](#blocked-services-blocked-sevice) block (within [`blocked_services`](#blocked-services)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dns`](#dns) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`network_type`](#network-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`<br>Possible values are `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PER_SITE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_GLOBAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_SERVICE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VER_INTERNAL`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_VOLTADN_PRIVATE_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SRV6_NETWORK`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_FABRIC`, `VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SEGMENT`<br>Virtual Network Type. Different types of virtual networks understood by the system Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL provides connectivity to public (outside) network. This is an insecure network and is connected to public internet via NAT Gateways/firwalls Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created automatically and present on all sites Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE is a private network inside site. It is a secure network and is not connected to public network. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on CE sites. This network is created during provisioning of site User defined per-site virtual network. Scope of this virtual network is limited to the site. This is not yet supported Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_PUBLIC directly conects to the public internet. Virtual-network of this type is local to every site. Two virtual networks of this type on different sites are neither related nor connected. Constraints: There can be atmost one virtual network of this type in a given site. This network type is supported on RE sites only It is an internally created by the system. They must not be created by user Virtual Neworks with global scope across different sites in F5XC domain. An example global virtual-network called 'AIN Network' is created for every tenant. for volterra fabric Constraints: It is currently only supported as internally created by the system. vK8s service network for a given tenant. Used to advertise a virtual host only to vk8s pods for that tenant Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user VER internal network for the site. It can only be used for virtual hosts with SMA_PROXY type proxy Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE_OUTSIDE represents both VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL and VIRTUAL_NETWORK_SITE_LOCAL_INSIDE Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an advertise policy When virtual-network of type VIRTUAL_NETWORK_IP_AUTO is selected for an endpoint, VER will try to determine the network based on the provided IP address Constraints: This network type is only meaningful in an endpoint VoltADN Private Network is used on volterra RE(s) to connect to customer private networks This network is created by opening a support ticket This network is per site srv6 network VER IP Fabric network for the site. This Virtual network type is used for exposing virtual host on IP Fabric network on the VER site or for endpoint in IP Fabric network Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user Network internally created for a segment Constraints: It is an internally created by the system. Must not be created by user

&#x2022; [`ssh`](#ssh) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`web_user_interface`](#web-user-interface) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Bond Device List

A [`bond_device_list`](#bond-device-list) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`bond_devices`](#bond-devices) - Optional Block<br>Bond Devices. List of bond devices<br>See [Bond Devices](#bond-device-list-bond-devices) below.

#### Bond Devices

A [`bond_devices`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices) block (within [`bond_device_list`](#bond-device-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`active_backup`](#active-backup) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`devices`](#devices) - Optional List<br>Member Ethernet Devices. Ethernet devices that will make up this bond

&#x2022; [`lacp`](#lacp) - Optional Block<br>LACP parameters. LACP parameters for the bond device<br>See [Lacp](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-lacp) below.

&#x2022; [`link_polling_interval`](#link-polling-interval) - Optional Number<br>Link Polling Interval. Link polling interval in milliseconds

&#x2022; [`link_up_delay`](#link-up-delay) - Optional Number<br>Link Up Delay. Milliseconds wait before link is declared up

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Bond Device Name. Name for the Bond. Ex 'bond0'

#### Lacp

A [`lacp`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices-lacp) block (within [`bond_device_list.bond_devices`](#bond-device-list-bond-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`rate`](#rate) - Optional Number<br>LACP Packet Interval. Interval in seconds to transmit LACP packets

#### Coordinates

A [`coordinates`](#coordinates) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`latitude`](#latitude) - Optional Number<br>Latitude. Latitude of the site location

&#x2022; [`longitude`](#longitude) - Optional Number<br>Longitude. longitude of site location

#### Custom DNS

A [`custom_dns`](#custom-dns) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`inside_nameserver`](#inside-nameserver) - Optional String<br>DNS Server for Inside Network. Optional DNS server IP to be used for name resolution in inside network

&#x2022; [`outside_nameserver`](#outside-nameserver) - Optional String<br>DNS Server for Outside Network. Optional DNS server IP to be used for name resolution in outside network

#### Custom Network Config

A [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`active_enhanced_firewall_policies`](#active-enhanced-firewall-policies) - Optional Block<br>Active Enhanced Network Policies Type. List of Enhanced Firewall Policies These policies use session-based rules and provide all options available under firewall policies with an additional option for service insertion<br>See [Active Enhanced Firewall Policies](#custom-network-config-active-enhanced-firewall-policies) below.

&#x2022; [`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#active-forward-proxy-policies) - Optional Block<br>Active Forward Proxy Policies Type. Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active<br>See [Active Forward Proxy Policies](#custom-network-config-active-forward-proxy-policies) below.

&#x2022; [`active_network_policies`](#active-network-policies) - Optional Block<br>Active Firewall Policies Type. List of firewall policy views<br>See [Active Network Policies](#custom-network-config-active-network-policies) below.

&#x2022; [`bgp_peer_address`](#bgp-peer-address) - Optional String<br>BGP Peer Address. Optional BGP peer address that can be used as parameter for BGP configuration when BGP is configured to fetch BGP peer address from site Object. This can be used to change peer address per site in fleet

&#x2022; [`bgp_router_id`](#bgp-router-id) - Optional String<br>BGP Router ID. Optional BGP router id that can be used as parameter for BGP configuration when BGP is configured to fetch BGP router ID from site object

&#x2022; [`default_config`](#default-config) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`default_interface_config`](#default-interface-config) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`default_sli_config`](#default-sli-config) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`forward_proxy_allow_all`](#forward-proxy-allow-all) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`global_network_list`](#global-network-list) - Optional Block<br>Global Network Connection List. List of global network connections<br>See [Global Network List](#custom-network-config-global-network-list) below.

&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#interface-list) - Optional Block<br>List of Interface. Configure network interfaces for this App Stack site<br>See [Interface List](#custom-network-config-interface-list) below.

&#x2022; [`no_forward_proxy`](#no-forward-proxy) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_global_network`](#no-global-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_network_policy`](#no-network-policy) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`outside_nameserver`](#outside-nameserver) - Optional String<br>DNS V4 Server for Local Network. Optional DNS server V4 IP to be used for name resolution in local network

&#x2022; [`outside_vip`](#outside-vip) - Optional String<br>Common V4 VIP. Optional common virtual V4 IP across all nodes to be used as automatic VIP for site local network

&#x2022; [`site_to_site_tunnel_ip`](#site-to-site-tunnel-ip) - Optional String<br>Site Mesh Group Connection Via Virtual IP. Site Mesh Group Connection Via Virtual IP. This option will use the Virtual IP provided for creating ipsec between two sites which are part of the site mesh group

&#x2022; [`sli_config`](#sli-config) - Optional Block<br>Site Local Inside Network Configuration. Site local inside network configuration<br>See [Sli Config](#custom-network-config-sli-config) below.

&#x2022; [`slo_config`](#slo-config) - Optional Block<br>Site Local Network Configuration. Site local network configuration<br>See [Slo Config](#custom-network-config-slo-config) below.

&#x2022; [`sm_connection_public_ip`](#sm-connection-public-ip) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`sm_connection_pvt_ip`](#sm-connection-pvt-ip) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`tunnel_dead_timeout`](#tunnel-dead-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Tunnel Dead Timeout (msec). Time interval, in millisec, within which any ipsec / SSL connection from the site going down is detected. When not set (== 0), a default value of 10000 msec will be used

&#x2022; [`vip_vrrp_mode`](#vip-vrrp-mode) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIP_VRRP_INVALID`<br>Possible values are `VIP_VRRP_INVALID`, `VIP_VRRP_ENABLE`, `VIP_VRRP_DISABLE`<br>VRRP Virtual-IP. VRRP advertisement mode for VIP Invalid VRRP mode

#### Active Enhanced Firewall Policies

An [`active_enhanced_firewall_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-enhanced-firewall-policies) block (within [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`enhanced_firewall_policies`](#enhanced-firewall-policies) - Optional Block<br>Enhanced Firewall Policy. Ordered List of Enhanced Firewall Policies active<br>See [Enhanced Firewall Policies](#custom-network-config-active-enhanced-firewall-policies-enhanced-firewall-policies) below.

#### Enhanced Firewall Policies

An [`enhanced_firewall_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-enhanced-firewall-policies-enhanced-firewall-policies) block (within [`custom_network_config.active_enhanced_firewall_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-enhanced-firewall-policies)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Active Forward Proxy Policies

An [`active_forward_proxy_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-forward-proxy-policies) block (within [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`forward_proxy_policies`](#forward-proxy-policies) - Optional Block<br>Forward Proxy Policies. Ordered List of Forward Proxy Policies active<br>See [Forward Proxy Policies](#custom-network-config-active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies) below.

#### Forward Proxy Policies

A [`forward_proxy_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-forward-proxy-policies-forward-proxy-policies) block (within [`custom_network_config.active_forward_proxy_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-forward-proxy-policies)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Active Network Policies

An [`active_network_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-network-policies) block (within [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`network_policies`](#network-policies) - Optional Block<br>Firewall Policy. Ordered List of Firewall Policies active for this network firewall<br>See [Network Policies](#custom-network-config-active-network-policies-network-policies) below.

#### Network Policies

A [`network_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-network-policies-network-policies) block (within [`custom_network_config.active_network_policies`](#custom-network-config-active-network-policies)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Global Network List

A [`global_network_list`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list) block (within [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`global_network_connections`](#global-network-connections) - Optional Block<br>Global Network Connections. Global network connections<br>See [Global Network Connections](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections) below.

#### Global Network Connections

A [`global_network_connections`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections) block (within [`custom_network_config.global_network_list`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`sli_to_global_dr`](#sli-to-global-dr) - Optional Block<br>Global Network. Global network reference for direct connection<br>See [Sli To Global DR](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-sli-to-global-dr) below.

&#x2022; [`slo_to_global_dr`](#slo-to-global-dr) - Optional Block<br>Global Network. Global network reference for direct connection<br>See [Slo To Global DR](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-slo-to-global-dr) below.

#### Sli To Global DR

A [`sli_to_global_dr`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-sli-to-global-dr) block (within [`custom_network_config.global_network_list.global_network_connections`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`global_vn`](#global-vn) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Global Vn](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-sli-to-global-dr-global-vn) below.

#### Global Vn

A [`global_vn`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-sli-to-global-dr-global-vn) block (within [`custom_network_config.global_network_list.global_network_connections.sli_to_global_dr`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-sli-to-global-dr)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Slo To Global DR

A [`slo_to_global_dr`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-slo-to-global-dr) block (within [`custom_network_config.global_network_list.global_network_connections`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`global_vn`](#global-vn) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Global Vn](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-slo-to-global-dr-global-vn) below.

#### Global Vn

A [`global_vn`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-slo-to-global-dr-global-vn) block (within [`custom_network_config.global_network_list.global_network_connections.slo_to_global_dr`](#custom-network-config-global-network-list-global-network-connections-slo-to-global-dr)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#custom-network-config-interface-list) block (within [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interfaces`](#interfaces) - Optional Block<br>List of Interface. Configure network interfaces for this App Stack site<br>See [Interfaces](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces) below.

#### Interfaces

An [`interfaces`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list`](#custom-network-config-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dc_cluster_group_connectivity_interface_disabled`](#dc-cluster-group-connectivity-interface-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dc_cluster_group_connectivity_interface_enabled`](#dc-cluster-group-connectivity-interface-enabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dedicated_interface`](#dedicated-interface) - Optional Block<br>Dedicated Interface. Dedicated Interface Configuration<br>See [Dedicated Interface](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-dedicated-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`dedicated_management_interface`](#dedicated-management-interface) - Optional Block<br>Dedicated Management Interface. Dedicated Interface Configuration<br>See [Dedicated Management Interface](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-dedicated-management-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

&#x2022; [`ethernet_interface`](#ethernet-interface) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface. Ethernet Interface Configuration<br>See [Ethernet Interface](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Interface Labels. Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

&#x2022; [`tunnel_interface`](#tunnel-interface) - Optional Block<br>Tunnel Interface. Tunnel Interface Configuration<br>See [Tunnel Interface](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface) below.

#### Dedicated Interface

A [`dedicated_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-dedicated-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster`](#cluster) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`device`](#device) - Optional String<br>Interface Device. Name of the device for which interface is configured. Use wwan0 for 4G/LTE

&#x2022; [`is_primary`](#is-primary) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring Configuration. Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#monitor-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Packet Size (MTU). Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Specific Node. Configuration will apply to a device on the given node of the site

&#x2022; [`not_primary`](#not-primary) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority) - Optional Number<br>Priority. Priority of the network interface when multiple network interfaces are present in outside network Greater the value, higher the priority

#### Dedicated Management Interface

A [`dedicated_management_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-dedicated-management-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster`](#cluster) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`device`](#device) - Optional String<br>Interface Device. Name of the device for which interface is configured

&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Packet Size (MTU). Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Specific Node. Configuration will apply to a device on the given node of the site

#### Ethernet Interface

An [`ethernet_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster`](#cluster) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`device`](#device) - Optional String<br>Ethernet Device. Interface configuration for the ethernet device

&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#dhcp-client) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dhcp_server`](#dhcp-server) - Optional Block<br>DHCPServerParametersType<br>See [DHCP Server](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server) below.

&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#ipv6-auto-config) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config) below.

&#x2022; [`is_primary`](#is-primary) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring Configuration. Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#monitor-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Packet Size (MTU). Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#no-ipv6-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Specific Node. Configuration will apply to a device on the given node

&#x2022; [`not_primary`](#not-primary) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority) - Optional Number<br>Priority. Priority of the network interface when multiple network interfaces are present in outside network Greater the value, higher the priority

&#x2022; [`site_local_inside_network`](#site-local-inside-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`site_local_network`](#site-local-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#static-ipv6-address) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_network`](#storage-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`untagged`](#untagged) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`vlan_id`](#vlan-id) - Optional Number<br>VLAN Id. Configure a VLAN tagged ethernet interface

#### DHCP Server

A [`dhcp_server`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_end`](#automatic-from-end) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_start`](#automatic-from-start) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dhcp_networks`](#dhcp-networks) - Optional Block<br>DHCP Networks. List of networks from which DHCP Server can allocate IPv4 Addresses<br>See [DHCP Networks](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks) below.

&#x2022; [`fixed_ip_map`](#fixed-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Fixed MAC Address to IPv4 Assignments. Assign fixed IPv4 addresses based on the MAC Address of the DHCP Client

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Interface IPv4 Assignments. Specify static IPv4 addresses per node<br>See [Interface IP Map](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server-interface-ip-map) below.

#### DHCP Networks

A [`dhcp_networks`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.dhcp_server`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dgw_address`](#dgw-address) - Optional String<br>Static IPv4 Configuration. Enter a IPv4 address from the network prefix to be used as the default gateway

&#x2022; [`dns_address`](#dns-address) - Optional String<br>Static IPv4 Configuration. Enter a IPv4 address from the network prefix to be used as the DNS server

&#x2022; [`first_address`](#first-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`last_address`](#last-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`network_prefix`](#network-prefix) - Optional String<br>Network Prefix. Set the network prefix for the site. ex: 10.1.1.0/24

&#x2022; [`pool_settings`](#pool-settings) - Optional String  Defaults to `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Possible values are `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`, `EXCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Interface Network Type. Identifies the how to pick the network for Interface. Address ranges in DHCP pool list are used for IP Address allocation Address ranges in DHCP pool list are excluded from IP Address allocation

&#x2022; [`pools`](#pools) - Optional Block<br>DHCP Pools. List of non overlapping IP address ranges<br>See [Pools](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks-pools) below.

&#x2022; [`same_as_dgw`](#same-as-dgw) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Pools

A [`pools`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks-pools) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.dhcp_server.dhcp_networks`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`end_ip`](#end-ip) - Optional String<br>Ending IP. Ending IP of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix. 10.1.1.200 with prefix length of 24, end offset is 0.0.0.200

&#x2022; [`start_ip`](#start-ip) - Optional String<br>Starting IP. Starting IP of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix. 10.1.1.5 with prefix length of 24, start offset is 0.0.0.5

#### Interface IP Map

An [`interface_ip_map`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server-interface-ip-map) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.dhcp_server`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-dhcp-server)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Site:Node to IPv4 Address Mapping. Specify static IPv4 addresses per site:node

#### IPv6 Auto Config

An [`ipv6_auto_config`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`host`](#host) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`router`](#router) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigRouterType<br>See [Router](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router) below.

#### Router

A [`router`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dns_config`](#dns-config) - Optional Block<br>IPV6DnsConfig<br>See [DNS Config](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config) below.

&#x2022; [`network_prefix`](#network-prefix) - Optional String<br>Network Prefix. Nework prefix that is used as Prefix information Allowed only /64 prefix length as per RFC 4862

&#x2022; [`stateful`](#stateful) - Optional Block<br>DHCPIPV6 Stateful Server<br>See [Stateful](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful) below.

#### DNS Config

A [`dns_config`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`configured_list`](#configured-list) - Optional Block<br>IPV6DnsList<br>See [Configured List](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-configured-list) below.

&#x2022; [`local_dns`](#local-dns) - Optional Block<br>IPV6LocalDnsAddress<br>See [Local DNS](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-local-dns) below.

#### Configured List

A [`configured_list`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-configured-list) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.dns_config`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dns_list`](#dns-list) - Optional List<br>DNS List. List of IPv6 Addresses acting as DNS servers

#### Local DNS

A [`local_dns`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-local-dns) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.dns_config`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`configured_address`](#configured-address) - Optional String<br>Configured Address. Configured address from the network prefix is chosen as DNS server

&#x2022; [`first_address`](#first-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`last_address`](#last-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Stateful

A [`stateful`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_end`](#automatic-from-end) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_start`](#automatic-from-start) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dhcp_networks`](#dhcp-networks) - Optional Block<br>DHCP IPv6 Networks. List of networks from which DHCP server can allocate IP addresses<br>See [DHCP Networks](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks) below.

&#x2022; [`fixed_ip_map`](#fixed-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Fixed MAC Address to IPv6 Assignments. Fixed MAC address to IPv6 assignments, Key: Mac address, Value: IPv6 Address Assign fixed IPv6 addresses based on the MAC Address of the DHCP Client

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Interface IPv6 Assignments. Map of Interface IPv6 assignments per node<br>See [Interface IP Map](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-interface-ip-map) below.

#### DHCP Networks

A [`dhcp_networks`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.stateful`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`network_prefix`](#network-prefix) - Optional String<br>Network Prefix. Network Prefix to be used for IPv6 address auto configuration

&#x2022; [`pool_settings`](#pool-settings) - Optional String  Defaults to `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Possible values are `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`, `EXCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Interface Network Type. Identifies the how to pick the network for Interface. Address ranges in DHCP pool list are used for IP Address allocation Address ranges in DHCP pool list are excluded from IP Address allocation

&#x2022; [`pools`](#pools) - Optional Block<br>DHCP Pools. List of non overlapping IP address ranges<br>See [Pools](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks-pools) below.

#### Pools

A [`pools`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks-pools) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.stateful.dhcp_networks`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`end_ip`](#end-ip) - Optional String<br>Ending IPv6. Ending IPv6 address of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix

&#x2022; [`start_ip`](#start-ip) - Optional String<br>Starting IPv6. Starting IPv6 address of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix. 2001::1 with prefix length of 64, start offset is 5

#### Interface IP Map

An [`interface_ip_map`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-interface-ip-map) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.stateful`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Site:Node to IPv6 Mapping. Map of Site:Node to IPv6 address

#### Static IP

A [`static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster_static_ip`](#cluster-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Cluster: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for cluster<br>See [Cluster Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip-cluster-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`node_static_ip`](#node-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Node: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Node Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip-node-static-ip) below.

#### Cluster Static IP

A [`cluster_static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip-cluster-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Node to IP Mapping. Map of Node to Static IP configuration value, Key:Node, Value:IP Address

#### Node Static IP

A [`node_static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip-node-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ip)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_gw`](#default-gw) - Optional String<br>Default Gateway. IP address of the default gateway

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP address/Prefix Length. IP address of the interface and prefix length

#### Static IPv6 Address

A [`static_ipv6_address`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster_static_ip`](#cluster-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Cluster: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for cluster<br>See [Cluster Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address-cluster-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`node_static_ip`](#node-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Node: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Node Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address-node-static-ip) below.

#### Cluster Static IP

A [`cluster_static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address-cluster-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.static_ipv6_address`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Node to IP Mapping. Map of Node to Static IP configuration value, Key:Node, Value:IP Address

#### Node Static IP

A [`node_static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address-node-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.ethernet_interface.static_ipv6_address`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-ethernet-interface-static-ipv6-address)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_gw`](#default-gw) - Optional String<br>Default Gateway. IP address of the default gateway

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP address/Prefix Length. IP address of the interface and prefix length

#### Tunnel Interface

A [`tunnel_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Packet Size (MTU). Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Specific Node. Configuration will apply to a given device on the given node

&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority) - Optional Number<br>Priority. Priority of the network interface when multiple network interfaces are present in outside network Greater the value, higher the priority

&#x2022; [`site_local_inside_network`](#site-local-inside-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`site_local_network`](#site-local-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`tunnel`](#tunnel) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Tunnel](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-tunnel) below.

#### Static IP

A [`static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.tunnel_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster_static_ip`](#cluster-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Cluster: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for cluster<br>See [Cluster Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip-cluster-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`node_static_ip`](#node-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Node: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Node Static IP](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip-node-static-ip) below.

#### Cluster Static IP

A [`cluster_static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip-cluster-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.tunnel_interface.static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Node to IP Mapping. Map of Node to Static IP configuration value, Key:Node, Value:IP Address

#### Node Static IP

A [`node_static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip-node-static-ip) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.tunnel_interface.static_ip`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-static-ip)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_gw`](#default-gw) - Optional String<br>Default Gateway. IP address of the default gateway

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP address/Prefix Length. IP address of the interface and prefix length

#### Tunnel

A [`tunnel`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface-tunnel) block (within [`custom_network_config.interface_list.interfaces.tunnel_interface`](#custom-network-config-interface-list-interfaces-tunnel-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Sli Config

A [`sli_config`](#custom-network-config-sli-config) block (within [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`no_static_routes`](#no-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_v6_static_routes`](#no-v6-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes List. List of static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes) below.

&#x2022; [`static_v6_routes`](#static-v6-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static IPv6 Routes List. List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static V6 Routes](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes) below.

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config`](#custom-network-config-sli-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes. List of static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes) below.

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`attrs`](#attrs) - Optional List  Defaults to `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`<br>Possible values are `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`, `ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING`, `ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY`<br>Attributes. List of attributes that control forwarding, dynamic routing and control plane (host) reachability

&#x2022; [`default_gateway`](#default-gateway) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP Address. Traffic matching the IP prefixes is sent to this IP Address

&#x2022; [`ip_prefixes`](#ip-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IP Prefixes. List of route prefixes that have common next hop and attributes

&#x2022; [`node_interface`](#node-interface) - Optional Block<br>NodeInterfaceType. On multinode site, this type holds the information about per node interfaces<br>See [Node Interface](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface) below.

#### Node Interface

A [`node_interface`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_routes.static_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`list`](#list) - Optional Block<br>Node Interface Info. On a multinode site, this list holds the nodes and corresponding networking_interface<br>See [List](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) below.

#### List

A [`list`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_routes.static_routes.node_interface`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface) - Optional Block<br>Interface. Interface reference on this node<br>See [Interface](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Node. Node name on this site

#### Interface

An [`interface`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_routes.static_routes.node_interface.list`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Static V6 Routes

A [`static_v6_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config`](#custom-network-config-sli-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static IPv6 Routes. List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes) below.

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_v6_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`attrs`](#attrs) - Optional List  Defaults to `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`<br>Possible values are `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`, `ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING`, `ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY`<br>Attributes. List of attributes that control forwarding, dynamic routing and control plane (host) reachability

&#x2022; [`default_gateway`](#default-gateway) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP Address. Traffic matching the IP prefixes is sent to this IP Address

&#x2022; [`ip_prefixes`](#ip-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv6 Prefixes. List of IPv6 route prefixes that have common next hop and attributes

&#x2022; [`node_interface`](#node-interface) - Optional Block<br>NodeInterfaceType. On multinode site, this type holds the information about per node interfaces<br>See [Node Interface](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface) below.

#### Node Interface

A [`node_interface`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`list`](#list) - Optional Block<br>Node Interface Info. On a multinode site, this list holds the nodes and corresponding networking_interface<br>See [List](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) below.

#### List

A [`list`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes.node_interface`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface) - Optional Block<br>Interface. Interface reference on this node<br>See [Interface](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Node. Node name on this site

#### Interface

An [`interface`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.sli_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes.node_interface.list`](#custom-network-config-sli-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Slo Config

A [`slo_config`](#custom-network-config-slo-config) block (within [`custom_network_config`](#custom-network-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dc_cluster_group`](#dc-cluster-group) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Dc Cluster Group](#custom-network-config-slo-config-dc-cluster-group) below.

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Network Labels. Add Labels for this network, these labels can be used in firewall policy

&#x2022; [`no_dc_cluster_group`](#no-dc-cluster-group) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_static_routes`](#no-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_static_v6_routes`](#no-static-v6-routes) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes List. List of static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes) below.

&#x2022; [`static_v6_routes`](#static-v6-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static IPv6 Routes List. List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static V6 Routes](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes) below.

#### Dc Cluster Group

A [`dc_cluster_group`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-dc-cluster-group) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config`](#custom-network-config-slo-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config`](#custom-network-config-slo-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes. List of static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes) below.

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`attrs`](#attrs) - Optional List  Defaults to `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`<br>Possible values are `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`, `ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING`, `ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY`<br>Attributes. List of attributes that control forwarding, dynamic routing and control plane (host) reachability

&#x2022; [`default_gateway`](#default-gateway) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP Address. Traffic matching the IP prefixes is sent to this IP Address

&#x2022; [`ip_prefixes`](#ip-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IP Prefixes. List of route prefixes that have common next hop and attributes

&#x2022; [`node_interface`](#node-interface) - Optional Block<br>NodeInterfaceType. On multinode site, this type holds the information about per node interfaces<br>See [Node Interface](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface) below.

#### Node Interface

A [`node_interface`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_routes.static_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`list`](#list) - Optional Block<br>Node Interface Info. On a multinode site, this list holds the nodes and corresponding networking_interface<br>See [List](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) below.

#### List

A [`list`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_routes.static_routes.node_interface`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface) - Optional Block<br>Interface. Interface reference on this node<br>See [Interface](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Node. Node name on this site

#### Interface

An [`interface`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_routes.static_routes.node_interface.list`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Static V6 Routes

A [`static_v6_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config`](#custom-network-config-slo-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static IPv6 Routes. List of IPv6 static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes) below.

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_v6_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`attrs`](#attrs) - Optional List  Defaults to `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`<br>Possible values are `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`, `ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING`, `ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY`<br>Attributes. List of attributes that control forwarding, dynamic routing and control plane (host) reachability

&#x2022; [`default_gateway`](#default-gateway) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP Address. Traffic matching the IP prefixes is sent to this IP Address

&#x2022; [`ip_prefixes`](#ip-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv6 Prefixes. List of IPv6 route prefixes that have common next hop and attributes

&#x2022; [`node_interface`](#node-interface) - Optional Block<br>NodeInterfaceType. On multinode site, this type holds the information about per node interfaces<br>See [Node Interface](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface) below.

#### Node Interface

A [`node_interface`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`list`](#list) - Optional Block<br>Node Interface Info. On a multinode site, this list holds the nodes and corresponding networking_interface<br>See [List](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) below.

#### List

A [`list`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes.node_interface`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface) - Optional Block<br>Interface. Interface reference on this node<br>See [Interface](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Node. Node name on this site

#### Interface

An [`interface`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) block (within [`custom_network_config.slo_config.static_v6_routes.static_routes.node_interface.list`](#custom-network-config-slo-config-static-v6-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Custom Storage Config

A [`custom_storage_config`](#custom-storage-config) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_storage_class`](#default-storage-class) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_static_routes`](#no-static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_storage_device`](#no-storage-device) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_storage_interfaces`](#no-storage-interfaces) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes List. List of static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-storage-config-static-routes) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_class_list`](#storage-class-list) - Optional Block<br>Custom Storage Class List. Add additional custom storage classes in kubernetes for this fleet<br>See [Storage Class List](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_device_list`](#storage-device-list) - Optional Block<br>Custom Storage Device List. Add additional custom storage classes in kubernetes for this fleet<br>See [Storage Device List](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_interface_list`](#storage-interface-list) - Optional Block<br>List of Interface. Configure storage interfaces for this App Stack site<br>See [Storage Interface List](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list) below.

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes) block (within [`custom_storage_config`](#custom-storage-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`static_routes`](#static-routes) - Optional Block<br>Static Routes. List of static routes<br>See [Static Routes](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes) below.

#### Static Routes

A [`static_routes`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes) block (within [`custom_storage_config.static_routes`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`attrs`](#attrs) - Optional List  Defaults to `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`<br>Possible values are `ROUTE_ATTR_NO_OP`, `ROUTE_ATTR_ADVERTISE`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_HOST`, `ROUTE_ATTR_INSTALL_FORWARDING`, `ROUTE_ATTR_MERGE_ONLY`<br>Attributes. List of attributes that control forwarding, dynamic routing and control plane (host) reachability

&#x2022; [`default_gateway`](#default-gateway) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP Address. Traffic matching the IP prefixes is sent to this IP Address

&#x2022; [`ip_prefixes`](#ip-prefixes) - Optional List<br>IP Prefixes. List of route prefixes that have common next hop and attributes

&#x2022; [`node_interface`](#node-interface) - Optional Block<br>NodeInterfaceType. On multinode site, this type holds the information about per node interfaces<br>See [Node Interface](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface) below.

#### Node Interface

A [`node_interface`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface) block (within [`custom_storage_config.static_routes.static_routes`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`list`](#list) - Optional Block<br>Node Interface Info. On a multinode site, this list holds the nodes and corresponding networking_interface<br>See [List](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) below.

#### List

A [`list`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list) block (within [`custom_storage_config.static_routes.static_routes.node_interface`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface) - Optional Block<br>Interface. Interface reference on this node<br>See [Interface](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Node. Node name on this site

#### Interface

An [`interface`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list-interface) block (within [`custom_storage_config.static_routes.static_routes.node_interface.list`](#custom-storage-config-static-routes-static-routes-node-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Storage Class List

A [`storage_class_list`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list) block (within [`custom_storage_config`](#custom-storage-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`storage_classes`](#storage-classes) - Optional Block<br>List of Storage Classes. List of custom storage classes<br>See [Storage Classes](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes) below.

#### Storage Classes

A [`storage_classes`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_class_list`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`advanced_storage_parameters`](#advanced-storage-parameters) - Optional Block<br>Advanced Parameters. Map of parameter name and string value

&#x2022; [`allow_volume_expansion`](#allow-volume-expansion) - Optional Bool<br>Allow Volume Expansion. Allow volume expansion

&#x2022; [`custom_storage`](#custom-storage) - Optional Block<br>Custom StorageClass. Custom Storage Class allows to insert Kubernetes storageclass definition which will be applied into given site<br>See [Custom Storage](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-custom-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`default_storage_class`](#default-storage-class) - Optional Bool<br>Default Storage Class. Make this storage class default storage class for the K8s cluster

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Storage Class Description. Description for this storage class

&#x2022; [`hpe_storage`](#hpe-storage) - Optional Block<br>HPE Storage. Storage class Device configuration for HPE Storage<br>See [Hpe Storage](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`netapp_trident`](#netapp-trident) - Optional Block<br>NetApp Trident Storage. Storage class Device configuration for NetApp Trident<br>See [Netapp Trident](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-netapp-trident) below.

&#x2022; [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#pure-service-orchestrator) - Optional Block<br>Pure Storage Service Orchestrator. Storage class Device configuration for Pure Service Orchestrator<br>See [Pure Service Orchestrator](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator) below.

&#x2022; [`reclaim_policy`](#reclaim-policy) - Optional String<br>Reclaim Policy. Reclaim Policy

&#x2022; [`storage_class_name`](#storage-class-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Class Name. Name of the storage class as it will appear in K8s

&#x2022; [`storage_device`](#storage-device) - Optional String<br>Storage Device. Storage device that this class will use. The Device name defined at previous step

#### Custom Storage

A [`custom_storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-custom-storage) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`yaml`](#yaml) - Optional String<br>Storage Class YAML. K8s YAML for StorageClass

#### Hpe Storage

A [`hpe_storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-hpe-storage) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`allow_mutations`](#allow-mutations) - Optional String<br>allowMutations. mutation can override specified parameters

&#x2022; [`allow_overrides`](#allow-overrides) - Optional String<br>allowOverrides. PVC can override specified parameters

&#x2022; [`dedupe_enabled`](#dedupe-enabled) - Optional Bool<br>dedupeEnabled. Indicates that the volume should enable deduplication

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Description. The SecretName parameter is used to identify name of secret to identify backend storage's auth information

&#x2022; [`destroy_on_delete`](#destroy-on-delete) - Optional Bool<br>destroyOnDelete. Indicates the backing Nimble volume (including snapshots) should be destroyed when the PVC is deleted

&#x2022; [`encrypted`](#encrypted) - Optional Bool<br>encrypted. Indicates that the volume should be encrypted

&#x2022; [`folder`](#folder) - Optional String<br>folder. The name of the folder in which to place the volume

&#x2022; [`limit_iops`](#limit-iops) - Optional String<br>limitIops. The IOPS limit of the volume

&#x2022; [`limit_mbps`](#limit-mbps) - Optional String<br>limitMbps. The IOPS limit of the volume

&#x2022; [`performance_policy`](#performance-policy) - Optional String<br>performancePolicy. The name of the performance policy to assign to the volume

&#x2022; [`pool`](#pool) - Optional String<br>pool. The name of the pool in which to place the volume

&#x2022; [`protection_template`](#protection-template) - Optional String<br>protectionTemplate. The name of the performance policy to assign to the volume

&#x2022; [`secret_name`](#secret-name) - Optional String<br>Secret Name. The SecretName parameter is used to identify name of secret to identify backend storage's auth information

&#x2022; [`secret_namespace`](#secret-namespace) - Optional String<br>Secret Namespace. The SecretNamespace parameter is used to identify name of namespace where secret resides

&#x2022; [`sync_on_detach`](#sync-on-detach) - Optional Bool<br>syncOnDetach. Indicates that a snapshot of the volume should be synced to the replication partner each time it is detached from a node

&#x2022; [`thick`](#thick) - Optional Bool<br>thick. Indicates that the volume should be thick provisioned

#### Netapp Trident

A [`netapp_trident`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-netapp-trident) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`selector`](#selector) - Optional Block<br>Selector. Using the Selector field, each StorageClass calls out which virtual pool(s) may be used to host a volume. The volume will have the aspects defined in the chosen virtual pool

&#x2022; [`storage_pools`](#storage-pools) - Optional String<br>Storage Pools. The storagePools parameter is used to further restrict the set of pools that match any specified attributes

#### Pure Service Orchestrator

A [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes-pure-service-orchestrator) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_class_list.storage_classes`](#custom-storage-config-storage-class-list-storage-classes)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`backend`](#backend) - Optional String<br>Backend. Defines type of Pure storage backend block or file. The volume will have the aspects defined in the chosen virtual pool

&#x2022; [`bandwidth_limit`](#bandwidth-limit) - Optional String<br>Bandwidth Limit. It must be between 1 MB/s and 512 GB/s. Enter the size as a number (bytes must be multiple of 512) or number with a single character unit symbol. Valid unit symbols are K, M, G, representing KiB, MiB, and GiB

&#x2022; [`iops_limit`](#iops-limit) - Optional Number<br>IOPS Limit. Enable IOPS limitation. It must be between 100 and 100 million. If value is 0, IOPS limit is not defined

#### Storage Device List

A [`storage_device_list`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list) block (within [`custom_storage_config`](#custom-storage-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`storage_devices`](#storage-devices) - Optional Block<br>List of Storage Devices. List of custom storage devices<br>See [Storage Devices](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices) below.

#### Storage Devices

A [`storage_devices`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`advanced_advanced_parameters`](#advanced-advanced-parameters) - Optional Block<br>Advanced Parameters. Map of parameter name and string value

&#x2022; [`custom_storage`](#custom-storage) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`hpe_storage`](#hpe-storage) - Optional Block<br>HPE Storage. Device configuration for HPE Storage<br>See [Hpe Storage](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`netapp_trident`](#netapp-trident) - Optional Block<br>NetApp Trident. Device configuration for NetApp Trident Storage<br>See [Netapp Trident](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident) below.

&#x2022; [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#pure-service-orchestrator) - Optional Block<br>Pure Storage Service Orchestrator. Device configuration for Pure Storage Service Orchestrator<br>See [Pure Service Orchestrator](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_device`](#storage-device) - Optional String<br>Storage Device. Storage device and device unit

#### Hpe Storage

A [`hpe_storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_server_port`](#api-server-port) - Optional Number<br>Storage server Port. Enter Storage Server Port

&#x2022; [`iscsi_chap_password`](#iscsi-chap-password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [iSCSI Chap Password](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password) below.

&#x2022; [`iscsi_chap_user`](#iscsi-chap-user) - Optional String<br>iSCSI chapUser. chap Username to connect to the HPE storage

&#x2022; [`password`](#password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_server_ip_address`](#storage-server-ip-address) - Optional String<br>Storage Server IP address. Enter storage server IP address

&#x2022; [`storage_server_name`](#storage-server-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Server Name. Enter storage server Name

&#x2022; [`username`](#username) - Optional String<br>Username. Username to connect to the HPE storage management IP

#### iSCSI Chap Password

An [`iscsi_chap_password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.iscsi_chap_password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.iscsi_chap_password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-iscsi-chap-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Password

A [`password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.hpe_storage.password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-hpe-storage-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Netapp Trident

A [`netapp_trident`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#netapp-backend-ontap-nas) - Optional Block<br>Storage Backend NetApp ONTAP NAS. Configuration of storage backend for NetApp ONTAP NAS<br>See [Netapp Backend Ontap Nas](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas) below.

&#x2022; [`netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#netapp-backend-ontap-san) - Optional Block<br>Storage Backend NetApp ONTAP SAN. Configuration of storage backend for NetApp ONTAP SAN<br>See [Netapp Backend Ontap San](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san) below.

#### Netapp Backend Ontap Nas

A [`netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`auto_export_cidrs`](#auto-export-cidrs) - Optional Block<br>IPv4 Prefix List. x-example: '192.168.20.0/24' List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint<br>See [Auto Export Cidrs](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-auto-export-cidrs) below.

&#x2022; [`auto_export_policy`](#auto-export-policy) - Optional Bool<br>Auto Export Policy. Enable automatic export policy creation and updating

&#x2022; [`backend_name`](#backend-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Backend Name. Configuration of Backend Name. Driver is name + '_' + dataLIF

&#x2022; [`client_certificate`](#client-certificate) - Optional String<br>Client Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of client certificate. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`client_private_key`](#client-private-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Client Private Key](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key) below.

&#x2022; [`data_lif_dns_name`](#data-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF Name. Backend Data LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`data_lif_ip`](#data-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF IP Address. Backend Data LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Backend Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class selection

&#x2022; [`limit_aggregate_usage`](#limit-aggregate-usage) - Optional String<br>Limit Aggregate Usage. Fail provisioning if usage is above this percentage. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`limit_volume_size`](#limit-volume-size) - Optional String<br>Limit Volume Size. Fail provisioning if requested volume size is above this value. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`management_lif_dns_name`](#management-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF Name. Backend Management LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`management_lif_ip`](#management-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF IP Address. Backend Management LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`nfs_mount_options`](#nfs-mount-options) - Optional String<br>NFS Mount Options. Comma-separated list of NFS mount options. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`password`](#password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password) below.

&#x2022; [`region`](#region) - Optional String<br>Backend Region. Virtual Pool Region

&#x2022; [`storage`](#storage) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Storage Pools. List of Virtual Storage Pool definitions which are referred back by Storage Class label match selection<br>See [Storage](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_driver_name`](#storage-driver-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Backend Driver. Configuration of Backend Name

&#x2022; [`storage_prefix`](#storage-prefix) - Optional String<br>Storage Prefix. Prefix used when provisioning new volumes in the SVM. Once set this cannot be updated

&#x2022; [`svm`](#svm) - Optional String<br>Backend SVM. Storage virtual machine to use. Derived if an SVM managementLIF is specified

&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_certificate`](#trusted-ca-certificate) - Optional String<br>Trusted CA Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of trusted CA certificate. Optional. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`username`](#username) - Optional String<br>Username. Username to connect to the cluster/SVM

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults) below.

#### Auto Export Cidrs

An [`auto_export_cidrs`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-auto-export-cidrs) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`prefixes`](#prefixes) - Optional List<br>IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefixes that represent an endpoint

#### Client Private Key

A [`client_private_key`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.client_private_key`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.client_private_key`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Password

A [`password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage

A [`storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Storage Pool Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class label match selection

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults) below.

&#x2022; [`zone`](#zone) - Optional String<br>Virtual Pool Zone. Virtual Storage Pool zone definition

#### Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage-volume-defaults) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas.storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas-volume-defaults) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_nas`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-nas)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Netapp Backend Ontap San

A [`netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`client_certificate`](#client-certificate) - Optional String<br>Client Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of client certificate. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`client_private_key`](#client-private-key) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Client Private Key](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key) below.

&#x2022; [`data_lif_dns_name`](#data-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF Name. Backend Data LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`data_lif_ip`](#data-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Data LIF IP Address. Backend Data LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`igroup_name`](#igroup-name) - Optional String<br>iGroup Name. Name of the igroup for SAN volumes to use

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Backend Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class selection

&#x2022; [`limit_aggregate_usage`](#limit-aggregate-usage) - Optional Number<br>Limit Aggregate Usage. Fail provisioning if usage is above this percentage. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`limit_volume_size`](#limit-volume-size) - Optional Number<br>Limit Volume Size. Fail provisioning if requested volume size in GBi is above this value. Not enforced by default

&#x2022; [`management_lif_dns_name`](#management-lif-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF Name. Backend Management LIF IP Address's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`management_lif_ip`](#management-lif-ip) - Optional String<br>Backend Management LIF IP Address. Backend Management LIF IP Address is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`no_chap`](#no-chap) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`password`](#password) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Password](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password) below.

&#x2022; [`region`](#region) - Optional String<br>Backend Region. Virtual Pool Region

&#x2022; [`storage`](#storage) - Optional Block<br>Virtual Storage Pools. List of Virtual Storage Pool definitions which are referred back by Storage Class label match selection<br>See [Storage](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_driver_name`](#storage-driver-name) - Optional String<br>Storage Backend Driver. Configuration of Backend Name

&#x2022; [`storage_prefix`](#storage-prefix) - Optional String<br>Storage Prefix. Prefix used when provisioning new volumes in the SVM. Once set this cannot be updated

&#x2022; [`svm`](#svm) - Optional String<br>Backend SVM. Storage virtual machine to use. Derived if an SVM managementLIF is specified

&#x2022; [`trusted_ca_certificate`](#trusted-ca-certificate) - Optional String<br>Trusted CA Certificate. Please Enter Base64-encoded value of trusted CA certificate. Optional. Used for certificate-based auth

&#x2022; [`use_chap`](#use-chap) - Optional Block<br>Device NetApp Backend ONTAP SAN CHAP Configuration. Device NetApp Backend ONTAP SAN CHAP configuration options for enabled CHAP<br>See [Use Chap](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap) below.

&#x2022; [`username`](#username) - Optional String<br>Username. Username to connect to the cluster/SVM

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults) below.

#### Client Private Key

A [`client_private_key`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.client_private_key`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.client_private_key`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-client-private-key)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Password

A [`password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.password`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-password)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage

A [`storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Storage Pool Labels. List of labels for Storage Device used in NetApp ONTAP. It is used for storage class label match selection

&#x2022; [`volume_defaults`](#volume-defaults) - Optional Block<br>Backend OnTap Volume Defaults. It controls how each volume is provisioned by default using these options in a special section of the configuration<br>See [Volume Defaults](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults) below.

&#x2022; [`zone`](#zone) - Optional String<br>Virtual Pool Zone. Virtual Storage Pool zone definition

#### Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage-volume-defaults) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.storage`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-storage)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Use Chap

An [`use_chap`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`chap_initiator_secret`](#chap-initiator-secret) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Chap Initiator Secret](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret) below.

&#x2022; [`chap_target_initiator_secret`](#chap-target-initiator-secret) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [Chap Target Initiator Secret](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret) below.

&#x2022; [`chap_target_username`](#chap-target-username) - Optional String<br>CHAP Target Username. Target username. Required if useCHAP=true

&#x2022; [`chap_username`](#chap-username) - Optional String<br>CHAP Username. Inbound username. Required if useCHAP=true

#### Chap Initiator Secret

A [`chap_initiator_secret`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_initiator_secret`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_initiator_secret`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Chap Target Initiator Secret

A [`chap_target_initiator_secret`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_target_initiator_secret`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san.use_chap.chap_target_initiator_secret`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-use-chap-chap-target-initiator-secret)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Volume Defaults

A [`volume_defaults`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san-volume-defaults) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.netapp_trident.netapp_backend_ontap_san`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-netapp-trident-netapp-backend-ontap-san)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`adaptive_qos_policy`](#adaptive-qos-policy) - Optional String<br>Adaptive QOS Policy name. Enter Adaptive QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`encryption`](#encryption) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Encryption. Enable NetApp volume encryption

&#x2022; [`export_policy`](#export-policy) - Optional String<br>Export Policy. Export policy to use

&#x2022; [`no_qos`](#no-qos) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`qos_policy`](#qos-policy) - Optional String<br>QOS Policy Name. Enter QOS Policy Name

&#x2022; [`security_style`](#security-style) - Optional String<br>Security Style. Security style for new volumes

&#x2022; [`snapshot_dir`](#snapshot-dir) - Optional Bool<br>Access to Snapshot Directory. Access to the .snapshot directory

&#x2022; [`snapshot_policy`](#snapshot-policy) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Policy. Snapshot policy to use

&#x2022; [`snapshot_reserve`](#snapshot-reserve) - Optional String<br>Snapshot Reserved. Percentage of volume reserved for snapshots. '0' if snapshot policy is 'none', else ''

&#x2022; [`space_reserve`](#space-reserve) - Optional String<br>Space Reservation Mode. Space reservation mode; none (thin) or volume (thick)

&#x2022; [`split_on_clone`](#split-on-clone) - Optional Bool<br>Split on Clone. Split a clone from its parent upon creation

&#x2022; [`tiering_policy`](#tiering-policy) - Optional String<br>Tiering Policy. Tiering policy to use. 'none' is default

&#x2022; [`unix_permissions`](#unix-permissions) - Optional Number<br>Unix Mode Permissions. Unix permission mode for new volumes. All allowed 777

#### Pure Service Orchestrator

A [`pure_service_orchestrator`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`arrays`](#arrays) - Optional Block<br>Arrays Configuration. Device configuration for PSO Arrays<br>See [Arrays](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays) below.

&#x2022; [`cluster_id`](#cluster-id) - Optional String<br>Cluster ID. clusterID is added as a prefix for all volumes created by this PSO installation. clusterID is also used to identify the volumes used by the datastore, pso-db. clusterID MUST BE UNIQUE for multiple K8s clusters running on top of the same storage arrays. characters allowed: alphanumeric and underscores

&#x2022; [`enable_storage_topology`](#enable-storage-topology) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Storage Topology. This option is to enable/disable the csi topology feature for pso-csi

&#x2022; [`enable_strict_topology`](#enable-strict-topology) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Strict Topology. This option is to enable/disable the strict csi topology feature for pso-csi

#### Arrays

An [`arrays`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`flash_array`](#flash-array) - Optional Block<br>Flash Arrays. Specify what storage flash arrays should be managed the plugin<br>See [Flash Array](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array) below.

&#x2022; [`flash_blade`](#flash-blade) - Optional Block<br>Flash Blades. Specify what storage flash blades should be managed the plugin<br>See [Flash Blade](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade) below.

#### Flash Array

A [`flash_array`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_fs_opt`](#default-fs-opt) - Optional String<br>Default Filesystem Options. Block volume default mkfs options. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`default_fs_type`](#default-fs-type) - Optional String<br>Default Filesystem Type. Block volume default filesystem type. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`default_mount_opts`](#default-mount-opts) - Optional List<br>Default Mount Options. Block volume default filesystem mount options. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`disable_preempt_attachments`](#disable-preempt-attachments) - Optional Bool<br>Disable Preempt Attachments. Enable/Disable attachment preemption!

&#x2022; [`flash_arrays`](#flash-arrays) - Optional Block<br>Flash Arrays. For FlashArrays you must set the 'mgmt_endpoint' and 'api_token'<br>See [Flash Arrays](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays) below.

&#x2022; [`iscsi_login_timeout`](#iscsi-login-timeout) - Optional Number<br>iSCSI Login Timeout. iSCSI login timeout in seconds. Not recommended to change!

&#x2022; [`san_type`](#san-type) - Optional String<br>SAN Type. Block volume access protocol, either iSCSI or FC

#### Flash Arrays

A [`flash_arrays`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_token`](#api-token) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [API Token](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token) below.

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Labels. The labels are optional, and can be any key-value pair for use with the PSO 'fleet' provisioner

&#x2022; [`mgmt_dns_name`](#mgmt-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint Name. Management Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`mgmt_ip`](#mgmt-ip) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint IP Address. Management Endpoint is reachable at the given IP address

#### API Token

An [`api_token`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array.flash_arrays`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array.flash_arrays.api_token`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_array.flash_arrays.api_token`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-array-flash-arrays-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Flash Blade

A [`flash_blade`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`enable_snapshot_directory`](#enable-snapshot-directory) - Optional Bool<br>Enable Snapshot Directory. Enable/Disable FlashBlade snapshots

&#x2022; [`export_rules`](#export-rules) - Optional String<br>NFS Export Rules. NFS Export rules

&#x2022; [`flash_blades`](#flash-blades) - Optional Block<br>Flash Blades. For FlashBlades you must set the 'mgmt_endpoint', 'api_token' and nfs_endpoint<br>See [Flash Blades](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades) below.

#### Flash Blades

A [`flash_blades`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`api_token`](#api-token) - Optional Block<br>Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field<br>See [API Token](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token) below.

&#x2022; [`lables`](#lables) - Optional Block<br>Labels. The labels are optional, and can be any key-value pair for use with the PSO 'fleet' provisioner

&#x2022; [`mgmt_dns_name`](#mgmt-dns-name) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint Name. Management Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`mgmt_ip`](#mgmt-ip) - Optional String<br>Management Endpoint IP Address. Management Endpoint is reachable at the given IP address

&#x2022; [`nfs_endpoint_dns_name`](#nfs-endpoint-dns-name) - Optional String<br>NFS DNS Name. Endpoint's IP address is discovered using DNS name resolution. The name given here is fully qualified domain name

&#x2022; [`nfs_endpoint_ip`](#nfs-endpoint-ip) - Optional String<br>NFS IP Address. Endpoint is reachable at the given IP address

#### API Token

An [`api_token`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade.flash_blades`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`blindfold_secret_info`](#blindfold-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management<br>See [Blindfold Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) below.

&#x2022; [`clear_secret_info`](#clear-secret-info) - Optional Block<br>In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted<br>See [Clear Secret Info](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-clear-secret-info) below.

#### Blindfold Secret Info

A [`blindfold_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-blindfold-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade.flash_blades.api_token`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`decryption_provider`](#decryption-provider) - Optional String<br>Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service

&#x2022; [`location`](#location) - Optional String<br>Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in URL format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an HTTP/HTTPS location

&#x2022; [`store_provider`](#store-provider) - Optional String<br>Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

#### Clear Secret Info

A [`clear_secret_info`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token-clear-secret-info) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_device_list.storage_devices.pure_service_orchestrator.arrays.flash_blade.flash_blades.api_token`](#custom-storage-config-storage-device-list-storage-devices-pure-service-orchestrator-arrays-flash-blade-flash-blades-api-token)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`provider_ref`](#provider-ref) - Optional String<br>Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the URL scheme is not string:///

&#x2022; [`url`](#url) - Optional String<br>URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding

#### Storage Interface List

A [`storage_interface_list`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list) block (within [`custom_storage_config`](#custom-storage-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`storage_interfaces`](#storage-interfaces) - Optional Block<br>List of Interface. Configure storage interfaces for this App Stack site<br>See [Storage Interfaces](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces) below.

#### Storage Interfaces

A [`storage_interfaces`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Interface Description. Description for this Interface

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Block<br>Interface Labels. Add Labels for this Interface, these labels can be used in firewall policy

&#x2022; [`storage_interface`](#storage-interface) - Optional Block<br>Ethernet Interface. Ethernet Interface Configuration<br>See [Storage Interface](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface) below.

#### Storage Interface

A [`storage_interface`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster`](#cluster) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`device`](#device) - Optional String<br>Ethernet Device. Interface configuration for the ethernet device

&#x2022; [`dhcp_client`](#dhcp-client) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dhcp_server`](#dhcp-server) - Optional Block<br>DHCPServerParametersType<br>See [DHCP Server](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server) below.

&#x2022; [`ipv6_auto_config`](#ipv6-auto-config) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigType<br>See [IPv6 Auto Config](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config) below.

&#x2022; [`is_primary`](#is-primary) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`monitor`](#monitor) - Optional Block<br>Link Quality Monitoring Configuration. Link Quality Monitoring configuration for a network interface

&#x2022; [`monitor_disabled`](#monitor-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`mtu`](#mtu) - Optional Number<br>Maximum Packet Size (MTU). Maximum packet size (Maximum Transfer Unit) of the interface When configured, MTU must be between 512 and 16384

&#x2022; [`no_ipv6_address`](#no-ipv6-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional String<br>Specific Node. Configuration will apply to a device on the given node

&#x2022; [`not_primary`](#not-primary) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`priority`](#priority) - Optional Number<br>Priority. Priority of the network interface when multiple network interfaces are present in outside network Greater the value, higher the priority

&#x2022; [`site_local_inside_network`](#site-local-inside-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`site_local_network`](#site-local-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`static_ip`](#static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IP](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`static_ipv6_address`](#static-ipv6-address) - Optional Block<br>Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters<br>See [Static IPv6 Address](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address) below.

&#x2022; [`storage_network`](#storage-network) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`untagged`](#untagged) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`vlan_id`](#vlan-id) - Optional Number<br>VLAN Id. Configure a VLAN tagged ethernet interface

#### DHCP Server

A [`dhcp_server`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_end`](#automatic-from-end) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_start`](#automatic-from-start) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dhcp_networks`](#dhcp-networks) - Optional Block<br>DHCP Networks. List of networks from which DHCP Server can allocate IPv4 Addresses<br>See [DHCP Networks](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks) below.

&#x2022; [`fixed_ip_map`](#fixed-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Fixed MAC Address to IPv4 Assignments. Assign fixed IPv4 addresses based on the MAC Address of the DHCP Client

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Interface IPv4 Assignments. Specify static IPv4 addresses per node<br>See [Interface IP Map](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server-interface-ip-map) below.

#### DHCP Networks

A [`dhcp_networks`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.dhcp_server`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dgw_address`](#dgw-address) - Optional String<br>Static IPv4 Configuration. Enter a IPv4 address from the network prefix to be used as the default gateway

&#x2022; [`dns_address`](#dns-address) - Optional String<br>Static IPv4 Configuration. Enter a IPv4 address from the network prefix to be used as the DNS server

&#x2022; [`first_address`](#first-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`last_address`](#last-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`network_prefix`](#network-prefix) - Optional String<br>Network Prefix. Set the network prefix for the site. ex: 10.1.1.0/24

&#x2022; [`pool_settings`](#pool-settings) - Optional String  Defaults to `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Possible values are `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`, `EXCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Interface Network Type. Identifies the how to pick the network for Interface. Address ranges in DHCP pool list are used for IP Address allocation Address ranges in DHCP pool list are excluded from IP Address allocation

&#x2022; [`pools`](#pools) - Optional Block<br>DHCP Pools. List of non overlapping IP address ranges<br>See [Pools](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks-pools) below.

&#x2022; [`same_as_dgw`](#same-as-dgw) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Pools

A [`pools`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks-pools) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.dhcp_server.dhcp_networks`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server-dhcp-networks)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`end_ip`](#end-ip) - Optional String<br>Ending IP. Ending IP of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix. 10.1.1.200 with prefix length of 24, end offset is 0.0.0.200

&#x2022; [`start_ip`](#start-ip) - Optional String<br>Starting IP. Starting IP of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix. 10.1.1.5 with prefix length of 24, start offset is 0.0.0.5

#### Interface IP Map

An [`interface_ip_map`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server-interface-ip-map) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.dhcp_server`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-dhcp-server)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Site:Node to IPv4 Address Mapping. Specify static IPv4 addresses per site:node

#### IPv6 Auto Config

An [`ipv6_auto_config`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`host`](#host) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`router`](#router) - Optional Block<br>IPV6AutoConfigRouterType<br>See [Router](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router) below.

#### Router

A [`router`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dns_config`](#dns-config) - Optional Block<br>IPV6DnsConfig<br>See [DNS Config](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config) below.

&#x2022; [`network_prefix`](#network-prefix) - Optional String<br>Network Prefix. Nework prefix that is used as Prefix information Allowed only /64 prefix length as per RFC 4862

&#x2022; [`stateful`](#stateful) - Optional Block<br>DHCPIPV6 Stateful Server<br>See [Stateful](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful) below.

#### DNS Config

A [`dns_config`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`configured_list`](#configured-list) - Optional Block<br>IPV6DnsList<br>See [Configured List](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-configured-list) below.

&#x2022; [`local_dns`](#local-dns) - Optional Block<br>IPV6LocalDnsAddress<br>See [Local DNS](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-local-dns) below.

#### Configured List

A [`configured_list`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-configured-list) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.dns_config`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`dns_list`](#dns-list) - Optional List<br>DNS List. List of IPv6 Addresses acting as DNS servers

#### Local DNS

A [`local_dns`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config-local-dns) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.dns_config`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-dns-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`configured_address`](#configured-address) - Optional String<br>Configured Address. Configured address from the network prefix is chosen as DNS server

&#x2022; [`first_address`](#first-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`last_address`](#last-address) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Stateful

A [`stateful`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_end`](#automatic-from-end) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`automatic_from_start`](#automatic-from-start) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`dhcp_networks`](#dhcp-networks) - Optional Block<br>DHCP IPv6 Networks. List of networks from which DHCP server can allocate IP addresses<br>See [DHCP Networks](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks) below.

&#x2022; [`fixed_ip_map`](#fixed-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Fixed MAC Address to IPv6 Assignments. Fixed MAC address to IPv6 assignments, Key: Mac address, Value: IPv6 Address Assign fixed IPv6 addresses based on the MAC Address of the DHCP Client

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Interface IPv6 Assignments. Map of Interface IPv6 assignments per node<br>See [Interface IP Map](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-interface-ip-map) below.

#### DHCP Networks

A [`dhcp_networks`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.stateful`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`network_prefix`](#network-prefix) - Optional String<br>Network Prefix. Network Prefix to be used for IPv6 address auto configuration

&#x2022; [`pool_settings`](#pool-settings) - Optional String  Defaults to `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Possible values are `INCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`, `EXCLUDE_IP_ADDRESSES_FROM_DHCP_POOLS`<br>Interface Network Type. Identifies the how to pick the network for Interface. Address ranges in DHCP pool list are used for IP Address allocation Address ranges in DHCP pool list are excluded from IP Address allocation

&#x2022; [`pools`](#pools) - Optional Block<br>DHCP Pools. List of non overlapping IP address ranges<br>See [Pools](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks-pools) below.

#### Pools

A [`pools`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks-pools) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.stateful.dhcp_networks`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-dhcp-networks)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`end_ip`](#end-ip) - Optional String<br>Ending IPv6. Ending IPv6 address of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix

&#x2022; [`start_ip`](#start-ip) - Optional String<br>Starting IPv6. Starting IPv6 address of the pool range. In case of address allocator, offset is derived based on network prefix. 2001::1 with prefix length of 64, start offset is 5

#### Interface IP Map

An [`interface_ip_map`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful-interface-ip-map) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.ipv6_auto_config.router.stateful`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-ipv6-auto-config-router-stateful)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Site:Node to IPv6 Mapping. Map of Site:Node to IPv6 address

#### Static IP

A [`static_ip`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster_static_ip`](#cluster-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Cluster: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for cluster<br>See [Cluster Static IP](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip-cluster-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`node_static_ip`](#node-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Node: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Node Static IP](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip-node-static-ip) below.

#### Cluster Static IP

A [`cluster_static_ip`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip-cluster-static-ip) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.static_ip`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Node to IP Mapping. Map of Node to Static IP configuration value, Key:Node, Value:IP Address

#### Node Static IP

A [`node_static_ip`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip-node-static-ip) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.static_ip`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ip)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_gw`](#default-gw) - Optional String<br>Default Gateway. IP address of the default gateway

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP address/Prefix Length. IP address of the interface and prefix length

#### Static IPv6 Address

A [`static_ipv6_address`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`cluster_static_ip`](#cluster-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Cluster: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for cluster<br>See [Cluster Static IP](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address-cluster-static-ip) below.

&#x2022; [`node_static_ip`](#node-static-ip) - Optional Block<br>Node: Static IP Parameters. Configure Static IP parameters for a node<br>See [Node Static IP](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address-node-static-ip) below.

#### Cluster Static IP

A [`cluster_static_ip`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address-cluster-static-ip) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.static_ipv6_address`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_ip_map`](#interface-ip-map) - Optional Block<br>Node to IP Mapping. Map of Node to Static IP configuration value, Key:Node, Value:IP Address

#### Node Static IP

A [`node_static_ip`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address-node-static-ip) block (within [`custom_storage_config.storage_interface_list.storage_interfaces.storage_interface.static_ipv6_address`](#custom-storage-config-storage-interface-list-storage-interfaces-storage-interface-static-ipv6-address)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_gw`](#default-gw) - Optional String<br>Default Gateway. IP address of the default gateway

&#x2022; [`ip_address`](#ip-address) - Optional String<br>IP address/Prefix Length. IP address of the interface and prefix length

#### Enable Vgpu

An [`enable_vgpu`](#enable-vgpu) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`feature_type`](#feature-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `UNLICENSED`<br>Possible values are `UNLICENSED`, `VGPU`, `VWS`, `VCS`<br>Feature Type. Set feature to be enabled Operate with a degraded vGPU performance Enable NVIDIA vGPU Enable NVIDIA RTX Virtual Workstation Enable NVIDIA Virtual Compute Server

&#x2022; [`server_address`](#server-address) - Optional String<br>License Server Address. Set License Server Address

&#x2022; [`server_port`](#server-port) - Optional Number<br>License Server Port Number. Set License Server port number

#### K8s Cluster

A [`k8s_cluster`](#k8s-cluster) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Kubernetes Upgrade Drain

A [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`disable_upgrade_drain`](#disable-upgrade-drain) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`enable_upgrade_drain`](#enable-upgrade-drain) - Optional Block<br>Enable Node by Node Upgrade. Specify batch upgrade settings for worker nodes within a site<br>See [Enable Upgrade Drain](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain) below.

#### Enable Upgrade Drain

An [`enable_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain-enable-upgrade-drain) block (within [`kubernetes_upgrade_drain`](#kubernetes-upgrade-drain)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`disable_vega_upgrade_mode`](#disable-vega-upgrade-mode) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`drain_max_unavailable_node_count`](#drain-max-unavailable-node-count) - Optional Number<br>Node Batch Size Count

&#x2022; [`drain_node_timeout`](#drain-node-timeout) - Optional Number<br>Upgrade Wait Time. Seconds to wait before initiating upgrade on the next set of nodes. Setting it to 0 will wait indefinitely for all services on nodes to be upgraded gracefully before proceeding to the next set of nodes. (Warning: It may block upgrade if services on a node cannot be gracefully upgraded. It is recommended to use the default value)

&#x2022; [`enable_vega_upgrade_mode`](#enable-vega-upgrade-mode) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Local Control Plane

A [`local_control_plane`](#local-control-plane) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`bgp_config`](#bgp-config) - Optional Block<br>BGP Configuration. BGP configuration parameters<br>See [BGP Config](#local-control-plane-bgp-config) below.

&#x2022; [`inside_vn`](#inside-vn) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`outside_vn`](#outside-vn) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### BGP Config

A [`bgp_config`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config) block (within [`local_control_plane`](#local-control-plane)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`asn`](#asn) - Optional Number<br>ASN. Autonomous System Number

&#x2022; [`peers`](#peers) - Optional Block<br>Peers. BGP parameters for peer<br>See [Peers](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers) below.

#### Peers

A [`peers`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`bfd_disabled`](#bfd-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`bfd_enabled`](#bfd-enabled) - Optional Block<br>BFD. BFD parameters<br>See [Bfd Enabled](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-bfd-enabled) below.

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`external`](#external) - Optional Block<br>External BGP Peer. External BGP Peer parameters<br>See [External](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external) below.

&#x2022; [`label`](#label) - Optional String<br>Label. Specify whether this peer should be

&#x2022; [`metadata`](#metadata) - Optional Block<br>Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs<br>See [Metadata](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-metadata) below.

&#x2022; [`passive_mode_disabled`](#passive-mode-disabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`passive_mode_enabled`](#passive-mode-enabled) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`routing_policies`](#routing-policies) - Optional Block<br>BGP Routing Policy. List of rules which can be applied on all or particular nodes<br>See [Routing Policies](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies) below.

#### Bfd Enabled

A [`bfd_enabled`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-bfd-enabled) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`multiplier`](#multiplier) - Optional Number<br>Multiplier. Specify Number of missed packets to bring session down'

&#x2022; [`receive_interval_milliseconds`](#receive-interval-milliseconds) - Optional Number<br>Minimum Receive Interval. BFD receive interval timer, in milliseconds

&#x2022; [`transmit_interval_milliseconds`](#transmit-interval-milliseconds) - Optional Number<br>Transmit Interval. BFD transmit interval timer, in milliseconds

#### External

An [`external`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`address`](#address) - Optional String<br>Peer Address. Specify IPv4 peer address

&#x2022; [`address_ipv6`](#address-ipv6) - Optional String<br>Peer IPv6 Address. Specify peer IPv6 address

&#x2022; [`asn`](#asn) - Optional Number<br>ASN. Autonomous System Number for BGP peer

&#x2022; [`default_gateway`](#default-gateway) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`default_gateway_v6`](#default-gateway-v6) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`disable_v6`](#disable-v6) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`external_connector`](#external-connector) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`family_inet`](#family-inet) - Optional Block<br>BGP Family Inet. Parameters for inet family<br>See [Family Inet](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-family-inet) below.

&#x2022; [`from_site`](#from-site) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`from_site_v6`](#from-site-v6) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`interface`](#interface) - Optional Block<br>Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name<br>See [Interface](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-interface) below.

&#x2022; [`interface_list`](#interface-list) - Optional Block<br>Interface List. List of network interfaces<br>See [Interface List](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-interface-list) below.

&#x2022; [`md5_auth_key`](#md5-auth-key) - Optional String<br>MD5 Authentication Key. MD5 key for protecting BGP Sessions (RFC 2385)

&#x2022; [`no_authentication`](#no-authentication) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`port`](#port) - Optional Number<br>Peer Port. Peer TCP port number

&#x2022; [`subnet_begin_offset`](#subnet-begin-offset) - Optional Number<br>Offset From Beginning Of Subnet. Calculate peer address using offset from the beginning of the subnet

&#x2022; [`subnet_begin_offset_v6`](#subnet-begin-offset-v6) - Optional Number<br>Offset From Beginning Of Subnet. Calculate peer address using offset from the beginning of the subnet

&#x2022; [`subnet_end_offset`](#subnet-end-offset) - Optional Number<br>Offset From End Of Subnet. Calculate peer address using offset from the end of the subnet

&#x2022; [`subnet_end_offset_v6`](#subnet-end-offset-v6) - Optional Number<br>Offset From End Of Subnet. Calculate peer address using offset from the end of the subnet

#### Family Inet

A [`family_inet`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-family-inet) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers.external`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`enable`](#enable) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Interface

An [`interface`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-interface) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers.external`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Interface List

An [`interface_list`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-interface-list) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers.external`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interfaces`](#interfaces) - Optional Block<br>Interface List. List of network interfaces<br>See [Interfaces](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-interface-list-interfaces) below.

#### Interfaces

An [`interfaces`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-interface-list-interfaces) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers.external.interface_list`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-external-interface-list)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Metadata

A [`metadata`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-metadata) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Description. Human readable description

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format

#### Routing Policies

A [`routing_policies`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`route_policy`](#route-policy) - Optional Block<br>BGP Routing policy. Route policy to be applied<br>See [Route Policy](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy) below.

#### Route Policy

A [`route_policy`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers.routing_policies`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`all_nodes`](#all-nodes) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`inbound`](#inbound) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`node_name`](#node-name) - Optional Block<br>Nodes. List of nodes on which BGP routing policy has to be applied<br>See [Node Name](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy-node-name) below.

&#x2022; [`object_refs`](#object-refs) - Optional Block<br>BGP routing policy. Select route policy to apply<br>See [Object Refs](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy-object-refs) below.

&#x2022; [`outbound`](#outbound) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### Node Name

A [`node_name`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy-node-name) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers.routing_policies.route_policy`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`node`](#node) - Optional List<br>Node of choice. Select BGP Session on which policy will be applied

#### Object Refs

An [`object_refs`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy-object-refs) block (within [`local_control_plane.bgp_config.peers.routing_policies.route_policy`](#local-control-plane-bgp-config-peers-routing-policies-route-policy)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind) - Optional String<br>Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid) - Optional String<br>UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid

#### Log Receiver

A [`log_receiver`](#log-receiver) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

#### Master Node Configuration

A [`master_node_configuration`](#master-node-configuration) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. Names of master node

&#x2022; [`public_ip`](#public-ip) - Optional String<br>Public IP. IP Address of the master node. This IP will be used when other sites connect via Site Mesh Group

#### Offline Survivability Mode

An [`offline_survivability_mode`](#offline-survivability-mode) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`enable_offline_survivability_mode`](#enable-offline-survivability-mode) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`no_offline_survivability_mode`](#no-offline-survivability-mode) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### OS

An [`os`](#os) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_os_version`](#default-os-version) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`operating_system_version`](#operating-system-version) - Optional String<br>Operating System Version. Specify a OS version to be used e.g. 9.2024.6

#### Sriov Interfaces

A [`sriov_interfaces`](#sriov-interfaces) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`sriov_interface`](#sriov-interface) - Optional Block<br>Custom SR-IOV interfaces Configuration. Use custom SR-IOV interfaces Configuration<br>See [Sriov Interface](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface) below.

#### Sriov Interface

A [`sriov_interface`](#sriov-interfaces-sriov-interface) block (within [`sriov_interfaces`](#sriov-interfaces)) supports the following:

&#x2022; [`interface_name`](#interface-name) - Optional String<br>Name of physical interface. Name of SR-IOV physical interface

&#x2022; [`number_of_vfio_vfs`](#number-of-vfio-vfs) - Optional Number<br>Number of virtual functions reserved for vfio. Number of virtual functions reserved for VNFs and DPDK-based CNFs

&#x2022; [`number_of_vfs`](#number-of-vfs) - Optional Number<br>Total number of virtual functions. Total number of virtual functions

#### Sw

A [`sw`](#sw) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`default_sw_version`](#default-sw-version) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

&#x2022; [`volterra_software_version`](#volterra-software-version) - Optional String<br>F5XC Software Version. Specify a F5XC Software Version to be used e.g. crt-20210329-1002

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

#### Usb Policy

An [`usb_policy`](#usb-policy) block supports the following:

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Optional String<br>Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Optional String<br>Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace

&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant) - Optional String<br>Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_voltstack_site.example system/example
```
