---
page_title: "f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  [Category: Security] [Namespace: required] Manages WAF exclusion policy in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy (Resource)

[Category: Security] [Namespace: required] Manages WAF exclusion policy in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** Please refer to [WAF Exclusion Policy API docs](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/api/waf-exclusion-policy) to learn more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# WAF Exclusion Policy Resource Example
# [Category: Security] [Namespace: required] Manages WAF exclusion policy in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic WAF Exclusion Policy configuration
resource "f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy" "example" {
  name      = "example-waf-exclusion-policy"
  namespace = "shared"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # WAF Exclusion Rules. An ordered list of rules.
  waf_exclusion_rules {
    # Configure waf_exclusion_rules settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  any_domain {
    # Configure any_domain settings
  }
  # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
  any_path {
    # Configure any_path settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the WAF Exclusion Policy. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the WAF Exclusion Policy will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules"></a>&#x2022; [`waf_exclusion_rules`](#waf-exclusion-rules) - Optional Block<br>WAF Exclusion Rules. An ordered list of rules<br>See [WAF Exclusion Rules](#waf-exclusion-rules) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### WAF Exclusion Rules

A [`waf_exclusion_rules`](#waf-exclusion-rules) block supports the following:

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-any-domain"></a>&#x2022; [`any_domain`](#waf-exclusion-rules-any-domain) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-any-path"></a>&#x2022; [`any_path`](#waf-exclusion-rules-any-path) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control"></a>&#x2022; [`app_firewall_detection_control`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control) - Optional Block<br>App Firewall Detection Control. Define the list of Signature IDs, Violations, Attack Types and Bot Names that should be excluded from triggering on the defined match criteria<br>See [App Firewall Detection Control](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control) below.

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-exact-value"></a>&#x2022; [`exact_value`](#waf-exclusion-rules-exact-value) - Optional String<br>Exact Value. Exact domain name

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-expiration-timestamp"></a>&#x2022; [`expiration_timestamp`](#waf-exclusion-rules-expiration-timestamp) - Optional String<br>Expiration Timestamp. The expiration_timestamp is the RFC 3339 format timestamp at which the containing rule is considered to be logically expired. The rule continues to exist in the configuration but is not applied anymore

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-metadata"></a>&#x2022; [`metadata`](#waf-exclusion-rules-metadata) - Optional Block<br>Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs<br>See [Metadata](#waf-exclusion-rules-metadata) below.

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-methods"></a>&#x2022; [`methods`](#waf-exclusion-rules-methods) - Optional List  Defaults to `ANY`<br>Possible values are `ANY`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`, `COPY`<br>[Enum: ANY|GET|HEAD|POST|PUT|DELETE|CONNECT|OPTIONS|TRACE|PATCH|COPY] Methods. methods to be matched

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-path-prefix"></a>&#x2022; [`path_prefix`](#waf-exclusion-rules-path-prefix) - Optional String<br>Prefix. Path prefix to match (e.g. the value / will match on all paths)

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-path-regex"></a>&#x2022; [`path_regex`](#waf-exclusion-rules-path-regex) - Optional String<br>Path Regex. Define the regex for the path. For example, the regex ^/.*$ will match on all paths

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-suffix-value"></a>&#x2022; [`suffix_value`](#waf-exclusion-rules-suffix-value) - Optional String<br>Suffix Value. Suffix of domain name e.g 'xyz.com' will match '*.xyz.com' and 'xyz.com'

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-waf-skip-processing"></a>&#x2022; [`waf_skip_processing`](#waf-exclusion-rules-waf-skip-processing) - Optional Block<br>Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed

#### WAF Exclusion Rules App Firewall Detection Control

An [`app_firewall_detection_control`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control) block (within [`waf_exclusion_rules`](#waf-exclusion-rules)) supports the following:

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts"></a>&#x2022; [`exclude_attack_type_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts) - Optional Block<br>Attack Types. Attack Types to be excluded for the defined match criteria<br>See [Exclude Attack Type Contexts](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts) below.

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-bot-name-contexts"></a>&#x2022; [`exclude_bot_name_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-bot-name-contexts) - Optional Block<br>Bot Names. Bot Names to be excluded for the defined match criteria<br>See [Exclude Bot Name Contexts](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-bot-name-contexts) below.

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts"></a>&#x2022; [`exclude_signature_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts) - Optional Block<br>Signature IDs. Signature IDs to be excluded for the defined match criteria<br>See [Exclude Signature Contexts](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts) below.

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts"></a>&#x2022; [`exclude_violation_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts) - Optional Block<br>Violations. Violations to be excluded for the defined match criteria<br>See [Exclude Violation Contexts](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts) below.

#### WAF Exclusion Rules App Firewall Detection Control Exclude Attack Type Contexts

An [`exclude_attack_type_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts) block (within [`waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control)) supports the following:

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts-context"></a>&#x2022; [`context`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts-context) - Optional String  Defaults to `CONTEXT_ANY`<br>Possible values are `CONTEXT_ANY`, `CONTEXT_BODY`, `CONTEXT_REQUEST`, `CONTEXT_RESPONSE`, `CONTEXT_PARAMETER`, `CONTEXT_HEADER`, `CONTEXT_COOKIE`, `CONTEXT_URL`, `CONTEXT_URI`<br>[Enum: CONTEXT_ANY|CONTEXT_BODY|CONTEXT_REQUEST|CONTEXT_RESPONSE|CONTEXT_PARAMETER|CONTEXT_HEADER|CONTEXT_COOKIE|CONTEXT_URL|CONTEXT_URI] WAF Exclusion Context Options. The available contexts for Exclusion rules. - CONTEXT_ANY: CONTEXT_ANY Detection will be excluded for all contexts. - CONTEXT_BODY: CONTEXT_BODY Detection will be excluded for the request body. - CONTEXT_REQUEST: CONTEXT_REQUEST Detection will be excluded for the request. - CONTEXT_RESPONSE: CONTEXT_RESPONSE - CONTEXT_PARAMETER: CONTEXT_PARAMETER Detection will be excluded for the parameters. The parameter name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all parameters. - CONTEXT_HEADER: CONTEXT_HEADER Detection will be excluded for the headers. The header name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all headers. - CONTEXT_COOKIE: CONTEXT_COOKIE Detection will be excluded for the cookies. The cookie name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all cookies. - CONTEXT_URL: CONTEXT_URL Detection will be excluded for the request URL. - CONTEXT_URI: CONTEXT_URI

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts-context-name"></a>&#x2022; [`context_name`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts-context-name) - Optional String<br>Context Name. Relevant only for contexts: Header, Cookie and Parameter. Name of the Context that the WAF Exclusion Rules will check. Wildcard matching can be used by prefixing or suffixing the context name with an wildcard asterisk (*)

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts-exclude-attack-type"></a>&#x2022; [`exclude_attack_type`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-attack-type-contexts-exclude-attack-type) - Optional String  Defaults to `ATTACK_TYPE_NONE`<br>Possible values are `ATTACK_TYPE_NONE`, `ATTACK_TYPE_NON_BROWSER_CLIENT`, `ATTACK_TYPE_OTHER_APPLICATION_ATTACKS`, `ATTACK_TYPE_TROJAN_BACKDOOR_SPYWARE`, `ATTACK_TYPE_DETECTION_EVASION`, `ATTACK_TYPE_VULNERABILITY_SCAN`, `ATTACK_TYPE_ABUSE_OF_FUNCTIONALITY`, `ATTACK_TYPE_AUTHENTICATION_AUTHORIZATION_ATTACKS`, `ATTACK_TYPE_BUFFER_OVERFLOW`, `ATTACK_TYPE_PREDICTABLE_RESOURCE_LOCATION`, `ATTACK_TYPE_INFORMATION_LEAKAGE`, `ATTACK_TYPE_DIRECTORY_INDEXING`, `ATTACK_TYPE_PATH_TRAVERSAL`, `ATTACK_TYPE_XPATH_INJECTION`, `ATTACK_TYPE_LDAP_INJECTION`, `ATTACK_TYPE_SERVER_SIDE_CODE_INJECTION`, `ATTACK_TYPE_COMMAND_EXECUTION`, `ATTACK_TYPE_SQL_INJECTION`, `ATTACK_TYPE_CROSS_SITE_SCRIPTING`, `ATTACK_TYPE_DENIAL_OF_SERVICE`, `ATTACK_TYPE_HTTP_PARSER_ATTACK`, `ATTACK_TYPE_SESSION_HIJACKING`, `ATTACK_TYPE_HTTP_RESPONSE_SPLITTING`, `ATTACK_TYPE_FORCEFUL_BROWSING`, `ATTACK_TYPE_REMOTE_FILE_INCLUDE`, `ATTACK_TYPE_MALICIOUS_FILE_UPLOAD`, `ATTACK_TYPE_GRAPHQL_PARSER_ATTACK`<br>[Enum: ATTACK_TYPE_NONE|ATTACK_TYPE_NON_BROWSER_CLIENT|ATTACK_TYPE_OTHER_APPLICATION_ATTACKS|ATTACK_TYPE_TROJAN_BACKDOOR_SPYWARE|ATTACK_TYPE_DETECTION_EVASION|ATTACK_TYPE_VULNERABILITY_SCAN|ATTACK_TYPE_ABUSE_OF_FUNCTIONALITY|ATTACK_TYPE_AUTHENTICATION_AUTHORIZATION_ATTACKS|ATTACK_TYPE_BUFFER_OVERFLOW|ATTACK_TYPE_PREDICTABLE_RESOURCE_LOCATION|ATTACK_TYPE_INFORMATION_LEAKAGE|ATTACK_TYPE_DIRECTORY_INDEXING|ATTACK_TYPE_PATH_TRAVERSAL|ATTACK_TYPE_XPATH_INJECTION|ATTACK_TYPE_LDAP_INJECTION|ATTACK_TYPE_SERVER_SIDE_CODE_INJECTION|ATTACK_TYPE_COMMAND_EXECUTION|ATTACK_TYPE_SQL_INJECTION|ATTACK_TYPE_CROSS_SITE_SCRIPTING|ATTACK_TYPE_DENIAL_OF_SERVICE|ATTACK_TYPE_HTTP_PARSER_ATTACK|ATTACK_TYPE_SESSION_HIJACKING|ATTACK_TYPE_HTTP_RESPONSE_SPLITTING|ATTACK_TYPE_FORCEFUL_BROWSING|ATTACK_TYPE_REMOTE_FILE_INCLUDE|ATTACK_TYPE_MALICIOUS_FILE_UPLOAD|ATTACK_TYPE_GRAPHQL_PARSER_ATTACK] Attack Types. List of all Attack Types ATTACK_TYPE_NONE ATTACK_TYPE_NON_BROWSER_CLIENT ATTACK_TYPE_OTHER_APPLICATION_ATTACKS ATTACK_TYPE_TROJAN_BACKDOOR_SPYWARE ATTACK_TYPE_DETECTION_EVASION ATTACK_TYPE_VULNERABILITY_SCAN ATTACK_TYPE_ABUSE_OF_FUNCTIONALITY ATTACK_TYPE_AUTHENTICATION_AUTHORIZATION_ATTACKS ATTACK_TYPE_BUFFER_OVERFLOW ATTACK_TYPE_PREDICTABLE_RESOURCE_LOCATION ATTACK_TYPE_INFORMATION_LEAKAGE ATTACK_TYPE_DIRECTORY_INDEXING ATTACK_TYPE_PATH_TRAVERSAL ATTACK_TYPE_XPATH_INJECTION ATTACK_TYPE_LDAP_INJECTION ATTACK_TYPE_SERVER_SIDE_CODE_INJECTION ATTACK_TYPE_COMMAND_EXECUTION ATTACK_TYPE_SQL_INJECTION ATTACK_TYPE_CROSS_SITE_SCRIPTING ATTACK_TYPE_DENIAL_OF_SERVICE ATTACK_TYPE_HTTP_PARSER_ATTACK ATTACK_TYPE_SESSION_HIJACKING ATTACK_TYPE_HTTP_RESPONSE_SPLITTING ATTACK_TYPE_FORCEFUL_BROWSING ATTACK_TYPE_REMOTE_FILE_INCLUDE ATTACK_TYPE_MALICIOUS_FILE_UPLOAD ATTACK_TYPE_GRAPHQL_PARSER_ATTACK

#### WAF Exclusion Rules App Firewall Detection Control Exclude Bot Name Contexts

An [`exclude_bot_name_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-bot-name-contexts) block (within [`waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control)) supports the following:

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-bot-name-contexts-bot-name"></a>&#x2022; [`bot_name`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-bot-name-contexts-bot-name) - Optional String<br>Bot Name

#### WAF Exclusion Rules App Firewall Detection Control Exclude Signature Contexts

An [`exclude_signature_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts) block (within [`waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control)) supports the following:

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts-context"></a>&#x2022; [`context`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts-context) - Optional String  Defaults to `CONTEXT_ANY`<br>Possible values are `CONTEXT_ANY`, `CONTEXT_BODY`, `CONTEXT_REQUEST`, `CONTEXT_RESPONSE`, `CONTEXT_PARAMETER`, `CONTEXT_HEADER`, `CONTEXT_COOKIE`, `CONTEXT_URL`, `CONTEXT_URI`<br>[Enum: CONTEXT_ANY|CONTEXT_BODY|CONTEXT_REQUEST|CONTEXT_RESPONSE|CONTEXT_PARAMETER|CONTEXT_HEADER|CONTEXT_COOKIE|CONTEXT_URL|CONTEXT_URI] WAF Exclusion Context Options. The available contexts for Exclusion rules. - CONTEXT_ANY: CONTEXT_ANY Detection will be excluded for all contexts. - CONTEXT_BODY: CONTEXT_BODY Detection will be excluded for the request body. - CONTEXT_REQUEST: CONTEXT_REQUEST Detection will be excluded for the request. - CONTEXT_RESPONSE: CONTEXT_RESPONSE - CONTEXT_PARAMETER: CONTEXT_PARAMETER Detection will be excluded for the parameters. The parameter name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all parameters. - CONTEXT_HEADER: CONTEXT_HEADER Detection will be excluded for the headers. The header name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all headers. - CONTEXT_COOKIE: CONTEXT_COOKIE Detection will be excluded for the cookies. The cookie name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all cookies. - CONTEXT_URL: CONTEXT_URL Detection will be excluded for the request URL. - CONTEXT_URI: CONTEXT_URI

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts-context-name"></a>&#x2022; [`context_name`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts-context-name) - Optional String<br>Context Name. Relevant only for contexts: Header, Cookie and Parameter. Name of the Context that the WAF Exclusion Rules will check. Wildcard matching can be used by prefixing or suffixing the context name with an wildcard asterisk (*)

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts-signature-id"></a>&#x2022; [`signature_id`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-signature-contexts-signature-id) - Optional Number<br>SignatureID. The allowed values for signature ID are 0 and in the range of 200000001-299999999. 0 implies that all signatures will be excluded for the specified context

#### WAF Exclusion Rules App Firewall Detection Control Exclude Violation Contexts

An [`exclude_violation_contexts`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts) block (within [`waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control)) supports the following:

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts-context"></a>&#x2022; [`context`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts-context) - Optional String  Defaults to `CONTEXT_ANY`<br>Possible values are `CONTEXT_ANY`, `CONTEXT_BODY`, `CONTEXT_REQUEST`, `CONTEXT_RESPONSE`, `CONTEXT_PARAMETER`, `CONTEXT_HEADER`, `CONTEXT_COOKIE`, `CONTEXT_URL`, `CONTEXT_URI`<br>[Enum: CONTEXT_ANY|CONTEXT_BODY|CONTEXT_REQUEST|CONTEXT_RESPONSE|CONTEXT_PARAMETER|CONTEXT_HEADER|CONTEXT_COOKIE|CONTEXT_URL|CONTEXT_URI] WAF Exclusion Context Options. The available contexts for Exclusion rules. - CONTEXT_ANY: CONTEXT_ANY Detection will be excluded for all contexts. - CONTEXT_BODY: CONTEXT_BODY Detection will be excluded for the request body. - CONTEXT_REQUEST: CONTEXT_REQUEST Detection will be excluded for the request. - CONTEXT_RESPONSE: CONTEXT_RESPONSE - CONTEXT_PARAMETER: CONTEXT_PARAMETER Detection will be excluded for the parameters. The parameter name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all parameters. - CONTEXT_HEADER: CONTEXT_HEADER Detection will be excluded for the headers. The header name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all headers. - CONTEXT_COOKIE: CONTEXT_COOKIE Detection will be excluded for the cookies. The cookie name is required in the Context name field. If the field is left empty, the detection will be excluded for all cookies. - CONTEXT_URL: CONTEXT_URL Detection will be excluded for the request URL. - CONTEXT_URI: CONTEXT_URI

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts-context-name"></a>&#x2022; [`context_name`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts-context-name) - Optional String<br>Context Name. Relevant only for contexts: Header, Cookie and Parameter. Name of the Context that the WAF Exclusion Rules will check. Wildcard matching can be used by prefixing or suffixing the context name with an wildcard asterisk (*)

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts-exclude-violation"></a>&#x2022; [`exclude_violation`](#waf-exclusion-rules-app-firewall-detection-control-exclude-violation-contexts-exclude-violation) - Optional String  Defaults to `VIOL_NONE`<br>Possible values are `VIOL_NONE`, `VIOL_FILETYPE`, `VIOL_METHOD`, `VIOL_MANDATORY_HEADER`, `VIOL_HTTP_RESPONSE_STATUS`, `VIOL_REQUEST_MAX_LENGTH`, `VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD`, `VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD_IN_BODY`, `VIOL_XML_MALFORMED`, `VIOL_JSON_MALFORMED`, `VIOL_ASM_COOKIE_MODIFIED`, `VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_MULTIPLE_HOST_HEADERS`, `VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HOST_HEADER_VALUE`, `VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UNPARSABLE_REQUEST_CONTENT`, `VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_NULL_IN_REQUEST`, `VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HTTP_VERSION`, `VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_SEVERAL_CONTENT_LENGTH_HEADERS`, `VIOL_EVASION_DIRECTORY_TRAVERSALS`, `VIOL_MALFORMED_REQUEST`, `VIOL_EVASION_MULTIPLE_DECODING`, `VIOL_DATA_GUARD`, `VIOL_EVASION_APACHE_WHITESPACE`, `VIOL_COOKIE_MODIFIED`, `VIOL_EVASION_IIS_UNICODE_CODEPOINTS`, `VIOL_EVASION_IIS_BACKSLASHES`, `VIOL_EVASION_PERCENT_U_DECODING`, `VIOL_EVASION_BARE_BYTE_DECODING`, `VIOL_EVASION_BAD_UNESCAPE`, `VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BODY_IN_GET_OR_HEAD_REQUEST`, `VIOL_ENCODING`, `VIOL_COOKIE_MALFORMED`, `VIOL_GRAPHQL_FORMAT`, `VIOL_GRAPHQL_MALFORMED`, `VIOL_GRAPHQL_INTROSPECTION_QUERY`<br>[Enum: VIOL_NONE|VIOL_FILETYPE|VIOL_METHOD|VIOL_MANDATORY_HEADER|VIOL_HTTP_RESPONSE_STATUS|VIOL_REQUEST_MAX_LENGTH|VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD|VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD_IN_BODY|VIOL_XML_MALFORMED|VIOL_JSON_MALFORMED|VIOL_ASM_COOKIE_MODIFIED|VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_MULTIPLE_HOST_HEADERS|VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HOST_HEADER_VALUE|VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UNPARSABLE_REQUEST_CONTENT|VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_NULL_IN_REQUEST|VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HTTP_VERSION|VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_SEVERAL_CONTENT_LENGTH_HEADERS|VIOL_EVASION_DIRECTORY_TRAVERSALS|VIOL_MALFORMED_REQUEST|VIOL_EVASION_MULTIPLE_DECODING|VIOL_DATA_GUARD|VIOL_EVASION_APACHE_WHITESPACE|VIOL_COOKIE_MODIFIED|VIOL_EVASION_IIS_UNICODE_CODEPOINTS|VIOL_EVASION_IIS_BACKSLASHES|VIOL_EVASION_PERCENT_U_DECODING|VIOL_EVASION_BARE_BYTE_DECODING|VIOL_EVASION_BAD_UNESCAPE|VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BODY_IN_GET_OR_HEAD_REQUEST|VIOL_ENCODING|VIOL_COOKIE_MALFORMED|VIOL_GRAPHQL_FORMAT|VIOL_GRAPHQL_MALFORMED|VIOL_GRAPHQL_INTROSPECTION_QUERY] App Firewall Violation Type. List of all supported Violation Types VIOL_NONE VIOL_FILETYPE VIOL_METHOD VIOL_MANDATORY_HEADER VIOL_HTTP_RESPONSE_STATUS VIOL_REQUEST_MAX_LENGTH VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD_IN_BODY VIOL_XML_MALFORMED VIOL_JSON_MALFORMED VIOL_ASM_COOKIE_MODIFIED VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_MULTIPLE_HOST_HEADERS VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HOST_HEADER_VALUE VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UNPARSABLE_REQUEST_CONTENT VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_NULL_IN_REQUEST VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HTTP_VERSION VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_CRLF_CHARACTERS_BEFORE_REQUEST_START VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_NO_HOST_HEADER_IN_HTTP_1_1_REQUEST VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_MULTIPART_PARAMETERS_PARSING VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_SEVERAL_CONTENT_LENGTH_HEADERS VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_CONTENT_LENGTH_SHOULD_BE_A_POSITIVE_NUMBER VIOL_EVASION_DIRECTORY_TRAVERSALS VIOL_MALFORMED_REQUEST VIOL_EVASION_MULTIPLE_DECODING VIOL_DATA_GUARD VIOL_EVASION_APACHE_WHITESPACE VIOL_COOKIE_MODIFIED VIOL_EVASION_IIS_UNICODE_CODEPOINTS VIOL_EVASION_IIS_BACKSLASHES VIOL_EVASION_PERCENT_U_DECODING VIOL_EVASION_BARE_BYTE_DECODING VIOL_EVASION_BAD_UNESCAPE VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_MULTIPART_FORMDATA_REQUEST_PARSING VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BODY_IN_GET_OR_HEAD_REQUEST VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_HIGH_ASCII_CHARACTERS_IN_HEADERS VIOL_ENCODING VIOL_COOKIE_MALFORMED VIOL_GRAPHQL_FORMAT VIOL_GRAPHQL_MALFORMED VIOL_GRAPHQL_INTROSPECTION_QUERY

#### WAF Exclusion Rules Metadata

A [`metadata`](#waf-exclusion-rules-metadata) block (within [`waf_exclusion_rules`](#waf-exclusion-rules)) supports the following:

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-metadata-description-spec"></a>&#x2022; [`description_spec`](#waf-exclusion-rules-metadata-description-spec) - Optional String<br>Description. Human readable description

<a id="waf-exclusion-rules-metadata-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#waf-exclusion-rules-metadata-name) - Optional String<br>Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy.example system/example
```
