---
page_title: "f5xc_workload_flavor Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Manages workload_flavor in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_workload_flavor (Resource)

Manages workload_flavor in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Workload Flavor Resource Example
# Manages workload_flavor in F5 Distributed Cloud.

# Basic Workload Flavor configuration
resource "f5xc_workload_flavor" "example" {
  name      = "example-workload-flavor"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the WorkloadFlavor. Must be unique within the namespace

&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the WorkloadFlavor will be created

&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

&#x2022; [`ephemeral_storage`](#ephemeral-storage) - Optional String<br>Ephemeral Storage (MiB). Ephemeral storage in MiB (mebibyte) allocated for the workload_flavor

&#x2022; [`memory`](#memory) - Optional String<br>Memory (MiB). Memory in MiB (mebibyte) allocated for the workload_flavor

&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

&#x2022; [`vcpus`](#vcpus) - Optional Number<br>vCPUs. Number of vCPUs allocated for the workload_flavor. Each vCPU is a thread on a CPU core

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

<a id="timeouts"></a>

**Timeouts**

&#x2022; [`create`](#create) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

&#x2022; [`delete`](#delete) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs

&#x2022; [`read`](#read) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled

&#x2022; [`update`](#update) - Optional String<br>A string that can be [parsed as a duration](`HTTPS://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration`) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_workload_flavor.example system/example
```
