---
page_title: "f5xc_workload Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Manages a Workload resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for workload configuration.
---

# f5xc_workload (Resource)

Manages a Workload resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for workload configuration.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Workload Resource Example
# Manages a Workload resource in F5 Distributed Cloud for workload configuration.

# Basic Workload configuration
resource "f5xc_workload" "example" {
  name      = "example-workload"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Workload configuration
  # Container configuration
  containers {
    name = "web"
    image {
      name        = "nginx"
      public      = {}
      pull_policy = "IMAGE_PULL_POLICY_ALWAYS"
    }
  }

  # Deploy on regional edge
  deploy_on_re {
    virtual_site {
      name      = "example-virtual-site"
      namespace = "system"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Metadata Argument Reference

`name` - (Required) Name of the Workload. Must be unique within the namespace (`String`).

`namespace` - (Required) Namespace where the Workload will be created (`String`).

`annotations` - (Optional) Annotations to apply to this resource (`Map`).

`labels` - (Optional) Labels to apply to this resource (`Map`).

### Spec Argument Reference

> **Note:** One of the arguments from this list "job, service, simple_service, stateful_service" must be set.

`job` - (Optional) Job Type. Jobs are used for running batch processing tasks and run to completion. Jobs are generally used for tasks like report generation, billing, parallel data processing, ETL processing, etc. See [Job](./workload_nested_blocks#job) for details.

`service` - (Optional) ServiceType. Service does not maintain per replica state, however it can be configured to use persistent storage that is shared amongst all the replicas. Replicas of a service are fungible and do not have a stable network identity or storage. Common examples of services are web servers, application servers, traditional SQL databases, etc. See [Service](./workload_nested_blocks#service) for details.

`simple_service` - (Optional) SimpleServiceType. SimpleService is a service having one container and one replica that is deployed on all Regional Edges and advertised on Internet via HTTP loadbalancer on default VIP (`Block`).

`stateful_service` - (Optional) StatefulServiceType. StatefulService maintains per replica state and each replica has its own persistent storage. Each replica has a unique network identity and stable storage. Stateful service are used for distributed stateful applications like cassandra, mongodb, redis, etc (`Block`).

`timeouts` - (Optional) (`Block`).

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

`id` - (Optional) Unique identifier for the resource (`String`).

---

## Nested Block Reference

This resource has extensive nested block configuration. For detailed documentation of all nested blocks, see [Workload Nested Blocks](./workload_nested_blocks).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_workload.example system/example
```
